好 稳住 先别射出去    Okay. Hold on. Don't shoot.
看准了吗    You see where you're going?
- 嗯  - 那好    - Mm- hmm.  - Okay.
我们现在想想怎么才能射中    Now let's worry about how you get there.
两脚分开 脚尖朝这边点    Move your foot here,point your toe this way.
身体转过来些    Hips, here. Okay?
- 你能看见靶子吗  - 能    - Can you see?  - Yeah.
- 你确定  - 嗯    - You sure?  - Mm- hmm.
现在呢 还看得见吗    How about now? Can you see now?
现在怎么样    How about now?
行吧    All right.
准备好了吗 用三指拉弓    Ready? Three fingers.
很好    Nice!
- 好球 宝贝  - 接着    - Nice throw, kiddo!  - Here you go.
嘿 你俩要加蛋黄酱还是芥末 或者都加    Hey, you guys want mayo or mustard, or both?
吃热狗谁会加蛋黄酱啊    Who wants mayo on a hotdog?
大概是你兄弟喜欢 麻烦来两个加芥末的 谢了 孩儿他妈    Probably your brothers. Two mustards, please! Thanks, momma.
知道了    Got it.
奈特 加蛋黄酱还是芥末    Nate, mayo or mustard?
番茄酱怎么样    How 'bout ketchup.
或者番茄酱 我也要番茄酱    Or ketchup. I got ketchup, too.
注意手肘    Mind your elbow...
干得漂亮 小鹰眼 去把箭取下来吧    Good job, Hawkeye! Go get your arrow.
嘿 各位 就练到这儿吧 饭好了    Hey, guys. Enough practice. Soup's on.
好嘞 我们这就来 早饿了    All right. We're coming. We're hungry.
莱拉 我们过去吧    Lila, let's go.
莱拉    Lila?
亲爱的    Honey?
嘿 宝贝    Hey, Babe?
宝贝    Babe?
亲爱的    Babe?
孩子们    Boys!
孩子们    Boys?
劳拉    Laura?
你不用那样    You don't need to do that,
你保持这样别动就行了    because you're just holding the position.
放马过来吧    Come here.
就差一点了    That was close.
就是这样 现在是一比一    That's a goal. We're now one a- piece.
我想再试一下    I would like to try again.
还是平局    We're tied up.
紧不紧张 很好玩的    Feel the tension? It's fun.
这下糟了 现在你有机会赢了    That was terrible. Now you have a chance to win.
你果然赢了 恭喜你    And you won. Congratulations.
公平公正    Fair game.
赢得漂亮    Good sport.
你觉得好玩么    You had fun?
挺有意思的    It was fun.
启动了么    This thing on?
嘿波兹小姐... 佩珀    Hey, Miss Potts... Pep.
如果你发现了这段录像    If you find this recording...
可别把它发到网上了 会很伤感的    don't post it, on social media. It's gonna be a real tear- jerker.
我不知道你是否能看到这段    I don't know if you're ever gonna see these.
我甚至不知道你是否还    I don't even know if you're still...
天呐 希望你没事    Oh, God. I hope so...
今天是第21... 不 是第22天    Today is day 21... uh, 22.
要是不用去想    You know, if it wasn't for the existential terror of
怎么在这浩瀚宇宙里活下去    staring into the literal void of space,
那我感觉今天过得还不错    I'd say, I'm feeling a little better today.
感染好多了 多亏有蓝妹妹在这儿    The infection's run its course, thanks to the blue meanie back there.
你会喜欢她的 很能干    You'd love her. Very practical.
就是下手有点重    Only a tiny bit sadistic.
燃料仓在作战时炸裂了 所以我们想了个方法利用反离子充电    So the fuel cells were cracked during battle, and we figured out a way to reverse the ion charge
争取了大概 48小时的飞行时间    and bought ourselves, about, 48 hours of flight time.
但现在不行了    But it's now dead in the water,
我们离地球还有上千光年距离    1,000 lightyears from the nearest 7- 11.
氧气也只能维持到明天早上    Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning.
大概就是这样了    And that'll be it.
佩珀 我...    And Pep, I...
我知道我说过不会再发生意外了 但    I know I said no more surprises, but
我得承认 我真的希望能完成最后这个任务    I gotta say, I was really hoping to pull off one last one.
只是现在看来    But it looks like...
你也明白这是什么情况    Well, you know what it looks like.
你也不用太难过    Don't feel bad about this.
我是说你当然可以悲痛好一阵子    I mean actually if you grovel for a couple weeks,
然后就别再内疚了 好好活下去吧    and then, move on with enormous guilt...
我也该躺下闭着眼睛休息会儿了    I should probably lie down, for a minute, go rest my eyes.
我希望你知道    Please know...
这些天 每当我入睡的时候    When I drift off, it'll be like every day lately.
我都很好... 真的    I'm fine... Totally fine.
我会梦见你的    I'll dream about you.
梦里一直都是你    Because it's always you.
- 我没能阻止他  - 我也不行    - Couldn't stop him.  - Neither could I.
那孩子牺牲了    I lost the kid.
托尼 我们都输了    Tony, we lost.
那么    Is, umm...
噢 我的天    Oh, my God!
没事了    It's okay.
灭霸离开地球已经23天了    It's been 23 days since Thanos came to Earth.
世界各国政府分崩离析    World governments are in pieces.
能正常运转的部门正在做人口统计    The parts that are still working are trying to take a census.
结果似乎正如他...    And it looks like he did...
正如他所说的那样 灭霸抹掉了...    He did exactly what he said he was gonna do. Thanos wiped out...
全宇宙一半的生命    ...fifty percent of all living creatures.
他现在在哪儿 什么地方    Where is he now? Where?
不知道    We don't know.
他弄了个传送门离开了    He just opened a portal and walked through.
他怎么了    What's wrong with him?
他很恼火    He's pissed.
他觉得自己失败了    He thinks he failed.
确实 但谁不是呢    Which of course he did, but there's a lot of that goin' around, ain't there?
讲真 你不说话我还以为你是毛绒玩具呢    Honestly, at this exact second, I thought you were a Build- A- Bear.
你说是就是吧    Maybe I am.
近三周来我们一直在搜寻灭霸的行踪    We've been hunting Thanos for three weeks now.
宇宙空间 卫星扫描 但一无所获    Deep space scans, and satellites, and we got nothing.
- 托尼 你和他交过手  - 谁告诉你的    - Tony you fought him.  - Who told you that?
我跟他打根本算不上交手    Didn't fight him.
他用一整颗星球砸到我脸上    No. He wiped my face with a planet while a
那位法师就把时间宝石交出去了    Bleecker Street magician gave away the stone.
- 事情就是这样 我们只能说是被揍了  - 好吧    - That's what happened. There was no fight...  - Okay.
根本打不过他    He's unbeatable.
他有没有留下什么线索 坐标 或者别的什么    Did he give you any clues? Any coordinates, anything?
呵呵了    Pfft!
几年前我就知道会发生这一切 我预见过 但我不愿相信    I saw this coming a few years back. I had a vision. I didn't wanna believe it.
我以为是在做梦    Thought I was dreaming.
- 托尼我需要你集中精神  - 我以前也需要你    - Tony I'm gonna need you to focus.  - And I needed you.
过去我需要你 比你现在需要我做什么要迫切的多 而一切都太晚了    As in, past tense. That trumps what you need. It's too late, buddy.
抱歉    Sorry.
你知道我现在需要什么吗 刮胡子    You know what I need? I need to shave.
- 而且我记得我告诉过你们所有人  - 托尼 别说了    - And I believe I remember telling all'a you's,  - Tony, Tony, Tony...
你们和那些已经不在的人    alive and otherwise,
我说我们需要战甲军团保护全世界 还记得吗    that what we needed, was a suit of armor around the world. Remember that?
无论这是否会影响到我们宝贵的自由 那才是我们真正需要的    Whether it impacted our precious freedoms, or not. That's what we needed.
- 那种方法行不通 不是吗  - 我说过我们会输的    - Well that didn't work out, did it?  - I said we'd lose.
你说即使那样我们也要一起面对    You said, "We'll do that together, too."
但结果是什么 队长 我们输了    Well guess what, Cap? We lost.
而你当时却不在场    You weren't there.
但我们就这样了吗 永远慢一步吗    But that's what we do, right? Our best work after the fact?
我们只能是复仇者吗 只能复仇 不能预防吗    We're the Avengers? We're the Avengers? Not the Prevengers?
好了 你说得够多了 坐下吧 好吗    Okay. You made your point. Just sit down, okay?
- 不 我还有话说 她就很不错 而且  - 托尼 坐下吧    - No, no. Here's my... She's great, by the way.  - Tony, sit, sit down!
- 我们需要你 你是新生力量  - 你们这帮老废物    - We need you. You're new blood.  - Bunch of tired old mills...
我没什么可给你们的 队长 我没有坐标    I got nothing for you, Cap. I got no coordinates,
没有线索 没有战略 没有方案    no clues, no strategies, no options...
什么也没有 我也不相信你 你这个骗子    Zero. Zip. Nada. No trust, liar...
拿着这个 等你找到他就把这个戴上    Here, take this. You find him and you put that on.
然后躲起来    You hide.
- 托尼  - 我没事    - Tony!  - I'm fine. I...
布鲁斯给他打了一针镇静剂 他今天可能醒不过来了    Bruce gave him a sedative. He's gonna probably be out for the rest of the day.
你们照顾好他 我回来的时候会给他带一瓶贝佐利安灵药    You guys take care of him. And I'll bring an Bezurian elixir when I come back.
- 你去哪儿  - 去杀灭霸    - Where are you going?  - To kill Thanos.
嘿    Hey.
在这儿我们一直都是团队作战    You know we usually work as a team here, and
再说现在士气有些低迷    between you and I moral's a little fragile.
我们知道太空是你的地盘 但是这也是我们的战斗    We realize up there is more your territory but this is our fight, too.
- 你知道他在哪儿吗  - 我认识可能知道的人    - You even know where he is?  - I know people who might.
没必要    Don't bother.
我可以告诉你灭霸在哪儿    I can tell you where Thanos is.
灭霸用了很长时间让我变得完美    Thanos spent a long time trying to perfect me.
每当他改造我的时候 他都会说起他的宏伟计划    And when he worked, he talked about his great plan.
即使被大卸八块 我仍然想要讨好他    Even disassembled, I wanted to please him.
我会问 事成之后我们将何去何从    I'd ask, where would we go once his plan was complete?
他的答案永远只有一个    His answer was always the same.
去那个花园    To The Garden.
真行啊他 灭霸居然还有个退休计划    That's cute. Thanos has a retirement plan.
那他在哪儿    So where is he?
灭霸打响指的时候    When Thanos snapped his fingers,
地球成了一股宇宙级能量涌动的原爆点    Earth became ground zero for a power surge of ridiculously cosmic proportions.
没人见过这么大的能量 直到两天前    No one's ever seen anything like it... until two days ago.
在这颗星球上    On this planet.
灭霸就在那里    Thanos is there.
他又使用了原石    He used the stones again.
嘿 嘿 嘿    Hey, hey, hey...
我们现在人手短缺 你们知道吧    We'd be going in short- handed, you know?
- 而且原石还在他手上 所以  - 所以就抢回来    - Look, he still got the stones, so...  - So let's get him.
- 我们再用原石把大家带回来  - 就这么简单吗    - We use them to bring everyone back.  - Just like that?
对 就这么简单    Yeah. Just like that.
即便我们逆转这一切的希望渺茫    Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this...
我认为 我们应当为消失的战友们竭尽全力去试一试    I mean, we owe it to everyone who's not in this room to try.
就算我们找到了灭霸 又怎知不会向之前一样一败涂地呢    If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?
因为之前 你们没有我    Because before, you didn't have me.
嘿 新来的丫头 这个房间里的每一个人多少也都算是超级英雄    Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.
不介意的话我倒是想问问 这么长时间以来你到底在哪呢    And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?
宇宙里还有很多其他的星球    There are a lot of other planets in the universe.
而不幸的是 它们并没有像你们这样的超级英雄守护    And unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.
我觉得她不错    I like this one.
我们去干掉这个杂种    Let's go get this son of a bitch.
好吧 你们谁没去过太空    Okay. Who here hasn't been to space?
你们可别吐在我船上    You better not throw up on my ship.
启动跳跃 3 2 1    Approaching jump in 3.. 2.. 1.
我先去侦察一下    I'll head down for recon.
- 我们会成功的 史蒂夫  - 我知道    - This is gonna work, Steve.  - I know it will.
因为除了成功我已别无选择    Because I don't know what I'm gonna do if it doesn't.
没有卫星 没有舰船 没有军队 没有任何地面防御    No satellites, no ships, no armies, no ground defenses of any kind.
只有他自己    It's just him.
那就够了    Then that's enough.
不    Oh, no.
原石在哪里    Where are they?
回答他的问题    Answer the question.
这个宇宙需要被校正    The universe required correction.
在那之后 这些原石除了能引来麻烦 再无他用    After that, the stones served no purpose, beyond temptation.
你杀害了无数的生命    You murdered trillions!
你们应该为之感恩    You should be grateful.
- 原石在哪里  - 都被毁掉了    - Where are the stones?  - Gone.
- 化为了尘土  - 你两天前才刚用过它们    - Reduced to atoms.  - You used them two days ago.
我用原石的力量摧毁了原石    I used the stones to destroy the stones.
这几乎要了我的命    It nearly killed me.
但我的使命已经完成了 注定如此    But the work is done. It always will be.
我就是...天命    I am inevitable.
我们得好好找找 他肯定在说谎    We have to tear this place apart. He has to be lying.
我父亲什么都干得出来    My father is many things.
但唯独不说谎    A liar is not one of them.
谢谢你 女儿    Thank you, Daughter.
或许我对你太过严苛了    Perhaps I treated you too harshly...
什么 你干了什么    What... what did you do?
这次 我是冲着头砍的    I went for the head.
所以 我...    So I, uh...
我约人出去吃了个饭    Went on a date the other day.
这是五年来的头一次 坐在那里和别人共享晚餐    It's the first time in five years, you know? Sit there, dinner...
却不知道该聊些什么    I didn't know what to talk about.
那你们聊了什么呢    What did you talk about?
还是那些废话 什么"一切都变了"    Same old crap, you know? How things have changed, and...
聊起我的工作 他的工作    My job, his job....
说说我们有多想念大都会球队    How much we miss the Mets.
然后我们都沉默了    Then things get quiet..
他在上沙拉的时候哭了    He cried as they were serving the salads.
那你呢    What about you?
我也哭了 在上甜点之前    I cried just before dessert.
但我们明天还约了吃饭 所以...    But I'm seeing him again tomorrow, so...
这很好    That's great.
你越过了最艰难的一步 尽管不知结果如何    You did the hardest part. You took the jump, you
但你仍选择迈出了这一步    didn't know where you were gonna come down.
就是如此 我们总要前进下去 迈出微小却坚实的步伐    And that's it. That's those little, brave baby steps you gotta take.
来让自己再次振作起来 找到自己的方向    To try and become whole again. To try and find purpose.
1945年时我被封在了冰里 在那之前我刚遇到一生挚爱    I went in the ice in '45 right after I met the love of my life.
醒来却是七十年后了    Woke up 70 years later.
但你只能向前看    You got to move on.
继续生活    Got to move on.
世界的命运就掌握在你我手中    The world is in our hands.
这是我们的使命    It's left to us guys.
我们责无旁贷    And we got to do something with it.
否则…    Otherwise...
灭霸本可以杀掉我们所有人    Thanos should've killed all of us.
怎么回事儿    What the hell?
霍普    Hope?
孩子 孩子    Kid! Hey, kid!
这到底发生了什么    What the hell happened here?
我的天啊    My God...
不要 不要 不不不    No. Please. Please, please. No, no, no...
借过一下 不好意思 不要啊 凯茜    Excuse me. Sorry. No, Cassie, no.
不    No.
不要 不要    No, no.
不要啊 不要    Please, please, please, please....
别有凯茜    No, Cassie...
什么    What?
凯茜    Cassie?
老爸    Dad?
你都长这么大了    You're so big!
好吧 我们去看了丹佛斯发现的那艘可疑的飞船了    Yeah, we boarded that highly suspect warship Danvers pinged.
其实就是一艘破烂垃圾船    It was an infectious garbage scowl.
感谢您提供这么有用的情报    So, thanks for the hot tip.
- 当时你们离的最近  - 是啊 我们现在闻着就是一股垃圾味儿    - Well, you were closer.  - Yeah. And now we smell like garbage.
那些震动是怎么回事    You get a reading on those tremors?
只是非洲版块的地壳运动而已    It was a mild subduction under the African plate.
有影像吗 你们是怎么处理的    Do we have a visual? How are we handling it?
小娜 那就是个海地地震    Nat, it's an earthquake under the ocean.
我们根本不用管的    We handle it by not handling it.
卡罗尔 下个月你还在吗    Carol, are we seeing you here next month?
- 不一定  - 怎么 你又要去美发吗    - Not likely.  - What, you gonna get another haircut?
听着 小毛脸 我要负责的范围很大    Listen, fur- face. I'm covering a lot of territory.
至少有几千颗星球    The things that are happening on Earth are
遭遇了和地球同样的情况    happening everywhere, on thousands of planets.
好吧 你说的对 说的没错    All right, all right. That's a good point, that's a good point.
所以我可能要缺席一段时间    So you might not see me for a long time.
好吧 那么…    All right. Uh, well...
这个频道会一直开着 所以 如果出了什么问题    This channel is always active. So, if anything goes sideways...
或者谁又在制造什么麻烦    anyone's making trouble where they shouldn't...
- 记得联系我  - 没问题    - It comes through me.  - Okay.
好了    All right.
祝你好运    Good luck.
- 你在哪  - 墨西哥    - Where are you?  - Mexico.
警方发现了一个屋子 里面全是尸体    The federales found a room full of bodies.
应该是一群黑帮 都没来得及还手    Looks like a bunch of cartel guys. Never even had the chance to get their guns off.
- 说不定是黑吃黑  - 肯定不是    - It's probably a rival gang...  - Except it isn't.
这绝对是巴顿干的    It's definitely Barton.
他在这里的所作所为 以及他过去几年的行径    What he's done here, what he's been doing for the last few years,
还有他造成的那些影响    I mean, the scene that he left...
说实话 我甚至不想找到他    I gotta tell you, there's a part of me that doesn't even wanna find him.
你知道他接下来会去哪吗    Will you find out where he's going next?
小娜    Nat...
求你了    Please.
好吧    Okay.
我打算给你做晚饭 可是你看起来很难受    You know I'd offer to cook you dinner but you seem pretty miserable already.
你来洗衣服吗    You here to do your laundry?
也是来见个朋友    And to see a friend.
很明显你朋友没什么事    Clearly, your friend is fine.
我上桥时看到一群鲸鱼    You know I saw a pod of whales when I was coming up the bridge.
- 在哈德逊河  - 那儿船少一些 水也干净些    - In the Hudson?  - There's fewer ships, cleaner water.
如果你是打算劝我想开点    You know, if you're about to tell me to look on the bright side...
那...    Um...
我就用花生酱三明治砸你头    I'm about to hit you in the head with a peanut butter sandwich.
抱歉 习惯了    Sorry. Force of habit.
我总是告诉朋友要学会放手 学会成长    You know I keep telling everybody they should move on and... grow.
有些人能做到    Some do.
但我们不行    But not us.
- 如果我放手了 这烂摊子谁来管  - 也许不需要有人管    - If I move on, who does this?  - Maybe it doesn't need to be done.
我曾经一无所有    I used to have nothing.
然后我有了这个    And then I got this.
这个工作    This job.
这个家    This family.
我因此变得更好了    And I was... I was better because of it.
虽然说    And even though...
他们都走了    they're gone...
但是现在 我还是试着变得更好    Now, I'm still trying to be better.
我觉得咱们俩都要开始新生活    I think we both need to get a life.
你先来    You first.
嗨    Oh... Hi. Hi!
有人在吗 我是斯科特·朗    Is anyone home? This is Scott Lang.
我们几年前在德国的机场见过    We met a few years ago, at the airport? In Germany?
我当时变成巨人 戴着头盔    I was the guy that got really big, I had a mask on...
- 你们肯定认不出我  - 这是条旧讯息吗    - You wouldn't recognize me.  - Is this an old message?
蚁人 我知道你记得    Ant- Man? Ant- Man, I know you know that.
这是在前门    It's the front gate.
我真的得和你们谈谈    I really need to talk to you guys.
斯科特    Scott.
- 你还好吗  - 嗯    - Are you okay?  - Yeah.
你们有谁学过量子物理吗    Have either of you guys ever studied quantum physics?
只知道些词    Only to make conversation.
好吧    Alright. So...
五年前 就在灭霸打响指之前    Five years ago, right before... Thanos,
我在一个叫量子空间的地方    I was in a place called the quantum realm.
那个量子空间就像我们的微型宇宙    The quantum realm is like its own microscopic universe.
你需要变得极其小才能进去 霍普 她是我...    To get in there, you have to be incredibly small. Hope, she's my...
她 她曾经是我的    She... she was my...
她本该把我拉出来的 可之后后灭霸打了响指    She was supposed to pull me out. And then Thanos happened, and
- 我就被困在里面了  - 这五年一定很漫长吧    - I got stuck in there.  - Sorry. That must've been a long 5 years.
这正是我要说的 其实并不长    Yeah, but that's just it. It wasn't.
对我而言只是五个小时而已    For me it was five hours.
量子空间里的原理和这个世界不太一样    See, the rules of the quantum realm aren't like they are up here.
一切都不可预测 那是谁的三明治 我快饿死了    Everything is unpredictable. Is that anybody's sandwich? I'm starving.
斯科特    Scott.
你在说什么    What are you talking about?
其实    So...
我要说的是    What I'm saying is...
量子空间的时间机制是不一样的    Time works differently in the quantum realm.
现在唯一的问题是 我们没法操控它    The only problem is right now, we don't have a way to navigate it.
但如果我们可以呢    But what if we did?
我一直在想 如果我们能控制两个空间的时间差呢    I can't stop thinking about it. What if we could somehow control the chaos,
如果我们能在某个时间点    and we could navigate it? What if there was a way that we can enter
进入量子空间    the quantum realm at a certain point in time but then
然后在另一个时间点出来呢 比如...    exit the quantum realm at another point in time? Like...
比如在灭霸来之前    Like before Thanos.
等等 你说的是时间机器吗    Wait, are you talking about a time machine?
不 当然不是 不是时间机器    No. No, of course not. No, not a time machine.
这更像是一个    It's more like a...
好吧 就像时间机器 我知道 这太疯狂了    Yeah, like a time machine. I know. It's crazy.It's crazy.
但我一直在想 一定有    But I can't stop thinking about it. There's gotta be...
- 有办法的 太疯狂了  - 斯科特    - Some wa... It's crazy.  - Scott..
浣熊都能给我发邮件呢 没有什么更疯狂了    I get e- mails from a raccoon. So, nothing sounds crazy anymore.
那我们找谁商量    So who do we talk to about this?
吃饭啦    Chow- time!
摩小根    Morgoona.
摩根·斯塔克 想吃午饭吗    Morgan H. Stark. Want some lunch?
- 告诉我吃什么 否则后果自负  - 好吧    - Define lunch or be disintegrated.  - Okay.
你可不能带这个    You should not be wearing that, okay?
这是我给妈妈准备的周年礼物的一部分    That is part of a special anniversary gift I'm making for Mom.
乖 午饭想吃什么    There you go. Are you thinking about lunch?
吃生菜卷蟋蟀怎么样    Maybe a handful of crickets? On a bed of lettuce?
- 不要  - 你想吃这个吗    - No.  - That's what you want.
- 你怎么找到这个的  - 车库里    - How did you find this?  - Garage.
是吗    Really?
- 你特意去找的  - 不是    - Were you looking for it?  - No.
我就是找到了    I found it, though.
你喜欢去车库 是不是 爸爸也喜欢    You like going in the garage, huh? So does Daddy.
其实没关系 反正妈妈从来不穿我给她买的东西    It's fine actually. Mom never wears anything I buy her.
我知道 这听起来不太现实    Now, we know what it sounds like...
托尼 你见多识广 这件事真的没可能么    Tony after everything you've seen, is anything really impossible...
量子波动会打破普朗克尺度    Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck scale,
引发德式效应 大家都同意吧    which then triggers the Deutsch proposition. Can we agree on that?
谢谢    Thank you.
说得俗点 就是你回不了家    In layman's terms, it means you're not coming home.
- 可我成功回来了  - 不    - I did.  - No.
你只是侥幸活了下来 这是...    You accidentally survived. It's a-  -  -
这是几十亿分之一的概率    It's a billion- to- one cosmic fluke.
然后你现在还想要...    And now you wanna pull a...
你叫它什么来着    What do you call it?
- 时空劫持  - 说的真好 时空劫持    - A time heist?  - Yeah. Time heist.
没错 可我们以前怎么没想到呢    Of course. Why didn't we think of this before?
哦 是因为听上去可笑吗 还是因为这够白日梦啊    Oh! Because it's laughable? Because it's a pipedream?
原石在过去 我们可以回到过去拿到它们    The stones are in the past. We can go back and we can get them.
我们可以打个响指 让死去的人复生    We can snap our own fingers. We can bring everybody back.
也有可能会搞得比灭霸还糟糕    Or screw it up worse than he already has, right?
我相信不会的    I don't believe we would.
我必须说 有时我还真想念这种盲目的乐观    Gotta say this. Sometimes, I miss that giddy optimism.
但是心气再高也没用 如果没有一个切实可行的方法    However, high hopes won't help if there's no logical,
来确保安全执行所谓的"时空劫持"行动    tangible, way for me to safely execute said time heist.
我相信 最有可能的结果就是全军覆灭    I believe the most likely outcome will be our collective demise.
如果我们严格遵守时间旅行的规则 就不会    Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel.
包括不和过去的自己交谈 不在体育比赛中下注...    That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sporting events...
就此打住 斯科特    I'm gonna stop you right there, Scott.
你不会真的想说你拯救宇宙的计划    Are you seriously telling me that your plan to
就是照抄电影《回到未来》吗    save the universe is based on Back to the Future?
- 不是  - 那就好 吓了我一跳    - No.  - Good. You had me worried there.
因为这都是胡扯 量子物理可不是这样的    'Cause that'd be horseshit. That's not how quantum physics works.
托尼...    Tony...
我们得坚守立场    We have to take a stand.
我们坚守过了 现在却落得如此境地    We did stand. And yet, here we are.
我知道你有很多顾虑 你现在有妻子有女儿    I know you got a lot on the line. You got a wife, a daughter.
但是我失去了对我很重要的人 很多人都一样    But I lost someone very important to me. A lot of people did.
现在我们有机会带她回来 带所有人回来    And now, now, we have a chance to bring her back. To bring everyone back.
然后你告诉我 你居然不愿意...    And you're telling me that you won't even...
对 斯科特 我不愿意    That's right, Scott. I won't even.
我做不到    I can't.
妈妈叫我过来救你    Mommy told me to come and save you.
干得好 我得救了    Good job. I'm saved.
我真希望 你们来找我说的是别的事    I wish you'd come here to ask me something else.
其他什么事儿都行 但真心的 还是很高兴见到你们...    Anything else. Honestly, happy to see you guys, it was...
- 一起吃饭吧  - 托尼 我明白    - Oh, and table's set for six.  - Tony, I get it.
我为你感到高兴 真心的    And I'm happy for you. I really am.
但这是我们的第二次机会    But this is a second chance.
这儿就是我的第二次机会 队长    I got my second chance right here, Cap.
我不能再冒险了    I can't roll the dice again.
如果你们可以换个话题 欢迎留下吃午饭    If you don't talk shop, you can stay for lunch.
- 他怂了  - 他没做错    - He's scared.  - He's not wrong.
是啊 但我们该咋办呢    Yeah, but I mean, what are we gonna do?
我们需要他 就这样放弃吗    We need him. What, are we gonna stop?
不 要做就做好    No. I wanna do it right.
我们得找一位大神    We're gonna need a really big brain.
比他还牛逼吗    Bigger than his?
吃呀 怎么就我一个人吃啊 尝尝那个    Come on. I feel like I'm the only one eating here. Try some of that.
来点儿鸡蛋    Have some eggs.
我真是搞不懂    I'm so confused.
- 这是个让人搞不懂的时代  - 没错 不 不是...    - These are confusing times.  - Right. No, no...
- 我不是那个意思  - 没事儿 我懂    - That's not what I meant. I...  - No, I get it.
开玩笑啦 我知道 这很夸张    I'm kidding! I know. It's crazy.
- 我都开始穿外衣了  - 对 怎么回事 为什么会这样    - I'm wearing shirts now.  - Yeah! How? Why?
五年前我们被打得屁滚尿流    Five years ago we got our asses beat.
我就更惨了 因为我一共败了两次    Except it was worse for me. Because I lost twice.
先是浩克败了 然后班纳也败了 然后我们都败了    First, Hulk lost. Then Banner lost. Then, we all lost.
- 没人怪你 布鲁斯  - 我怪我自己    - No one blamed you, Bruce.  - I did.
多年来 我一直把浩克当成某种疾病    For years I've been treating the Hulk like he's
一直想摆脱他    some kind of disease, something to get rid of.
但是后来 我开始把他看作解药    But then I started looking at him as the cure.
我在伽马实验室里待了18个月 将智慧和力量合二为一    Eighteen months in a gamma lab. I put the brains and the brawn together.
你看现在我 完美结合了两者    And now look at me. Best of both worlds.
- 打扰了 浩克先生  - 什么事    - Excuse me, Mr. Hulk?  - Yes?
- 我们能合个影吗  - 必须的 小朋友    - Can we get a photo?  - 100%, little person.
来 靠近点儿 能帮个忙吗    Come on, step on up. You mind?
- 没问题  - 谢了    - Oh. Yeah.  - Thanks.
- 一起说"绿茄子"  - 绿茄子    - Say "green."  - Green.
绿茄子    Greeeen.
- 拍好了吗  - 好了    - Did you get that?  - That's good.
你们要跟我合个影吗 我乃"蚁人"是也    Don't you wanna grab one with me? I'm Ant- Man.
他们是浩克粉 他们不知道蚁人的大名    They're Hulk fans. They don't know Ant- Man.
- 没人知道  - 别啊 别啊 他想合...    - Nobody does.  - Wait, no, no, he wants to...
你们想跟他合影的 对吧    You want to take a picture with him, right?
人家都直说了不要 我懂的    He's even saying no he doesn't. I get it.
我还不要跟他拍呢 我才不想跟他们拍呢    I don't want it either. I don't want a picture with them.
- 他会难过的  - 不好意思    - He's gonna feel bad.  - Sorry.
- 他们说了愿意的  - 我不需要了    - They said they'd do it.  - I don't want it anymore.
- 你不高兴了  - 拿走你的破手机    - You feel bad...  - Take the goddamn phone.
谢谢你 浩克先生    Thank you, Mr. Hulk.
必须的 孩子们 非常感谢你们    No, it's great, kids. Thank you very much.
- 浩克出击  - 布鲁斯    - Hulk out!  - Bruce.
- 耍个帅  - 布鲁斯    - Dab.  - Bruce.
要听妈妈的话 她说的都对    Listen to your Mom. She knows better.
- 回到正题  - 好的    - About what we were saying...  - Right.
时空穿梭那一套 是吧    The whole time travel do- over?
伙计们 这真不是我的专业领域    Guys, it's outside of my area of expertise.
你看 你都把自己变成这样了    Well, you pulled this off.
以前这好像也是不可能的吧    I remember a time when that seemed pretty impossible, too.
我有个小灵感 看能不能行的通    I got a mod inspiration, like to see if it checks out.
今晚收工以前我再模拟一次    So, I can run one last sim before we pack it in for the night.
这次在莫比乌斯环里 进行翻转    This time, in the shape of a mobius strip, inverted. Please?
处理中…    Processing...
给我那个粒子的特征值和光谱分析结果    Give me that eigenvalue. That, particle factoring, and spectral decomp.
- 这得费点功夫  - 请稍候    - That'll take a second.  - Just a moment.
不成功也无所谓 我就随便试试    And don't worry if it doesn't pan out. I'm just kinda...
模型渲染完毕    Model rendered.
这就成了    Shit!
该死    Shit!
你怎么还没睡 小公主    What are you doing up, Little Miss?
- 该死  - 我们不能说那个词    - Shit.  - No. We don't say that.
只有妈妈可以 那是她发明的 专属于她    Only Mommy says that word. She coined it, it belongs to her.
你为什么还不睡    Why you up?
因为我有该死的大事要做 不然呢    'Cause I got some important shit going on here. What do you think?
不不 我心里有些事放不下 我在思考    No, I got something on my mind. I got something on my mind.
- 你想的是果汁棒冰吗  - 你猜对了    - Was it Juice Pops?  - Sure was.
你这是敲诈 你想要什么口味的    That's extortion. What kind you want?
英雄所见略同 果汁棒冰 我心中放不下的    Great minds think alike. Juice Pops, exactly was on...
就是这个    my mind.
你吃完了是吗现在是的    You done? Yeah? Now you are.
- 快躺好  - 给我讲个故事吧    - That face, goes there.  - Tell me a story.
讲故事    A story.
很久很久以前摩小根睡着了 故事结束    Once upon a time, Morgoona went to bed. The end.
这故事太无聊了    That is a horrible story.
这可是你最喜欢的故事啊    Come on, that's your favorite story.
老爸爱你    I love you tons.
爱你三千遍    I love you 3,000.
哇哦    Wow.
三千遍 这数可真大    3,000. That's crazy.
赶紧睡觉 不然就把你的玩具全卖了    Go to bed. Or I'll sell all your toys.
晚安    Night- night.
这不是炫耀 她说爱我三千遍    Not that it's a competition, but she loves me 3,000.
她刚说的吗    Does she now?
你可能只有600到900遍左右    You were somewhere in the low 6 to 900 range.
- 你在读什么  - 一本关于有机肥的书    - What you reading?  - Just a book on composting.
有机肥有什么新进展吗    What's new with composting?
- 就是…  - 我搞定了    - Just ....  - I figured it out...
顺便告诉你一下    by the way.
我们聊的是同一件事吗    You know, just so we're talking about the same thing...
时空穿梭    Time travel.
真的吗    What?
天呐    Wow.
这真是…    That's...
不可思议 还有点… 吓人    Amazing, and.... terrifying.
确实    That's right.
- 我们真的很幸运  - 是 我知道    - We got really lucky.  - Yeah. I know.
- 很多人没有这份运气  - 是 但我帮不了所有人    - A lot of people didn't.  - No, I can't help everybody.
- 其实你也许可以做到  - 我不帮就是了    - It sorta seems like you can.  - Not if I stop.
我可以立刻收手 不再管这些事    I can put a pin in it right now, and stop.
Tony    Tony...
劝你收手 我估计是我这辈子都做不到的事    trying to get you to stop has been one of the few failures of my entire life.
我觉得我应该不提这事儿 把它忘得一干二净    Something tells me I should put it in a lockbox and drop it to the bottom of the lake...
然后上床休息    ...and go to bed.
但是你能睡的安稳吗    But would you be able to rest?
准备就绪 第一次时间穿梭测试    Okay, here we go. Time travel test number one.
斯科特 激活那个 呃 面包车    Scott, fire up the, uhh... The van thing.
断路器设置好了 紧急发电机已就绪    Breakers are set. Emergency generators are on standby.
很好 我可不想因为电路出故障 把这小人留在上世纪五十年代    Good. 'Cause if we blow the grid, I don't wanna lose Tiny here in the 1950's.
- 你说什么  - 他开玩笑呢    - Excuse me?  - He's kidding.
你别瞎说    You can't say things like that.
就是 开了个无聊的玩笑    Just... it was, just a bad joke.
- 你不是认真的吧  - 我也没底    - You were kidding, right?  - I have no idea.
我们现在讨论的可是时空穿梭 要么是开玩笑 要么是真玩儿完    We're talking about time travel here. Either it's all a joke, or none of it is.
我们准备好了！ 戴上头盔吧    We're good! Get your helmet on.
斯科特 我会把你送回一星期前    Scott, I'm gonna send you back a week, let you walk
让你在那边逛一小时 我们在十秒内把你带回来    around for an hour, then bring you back in 10 seconds.
- 明白了吗  - 非常清楚    - Makes sense?  - Perfectly not confusing.
祝你好运 斯科特 你可以的    Good luck, Scott. You got this.
你说的对 我肯定行 美国队长    You're right. I do, Captain America.
三秒倒计时 3 2 1    On the count of three. 3.. 2.. 1..
各位 我感觉有点不对劲    Guys? This doesn't feel right.
- 这是怎么回事别急  - 你是谁    - What's going on? Hold on.  - Who is that?
- 你是斯科特吗  - 对 我是    - Is that Scott?  - Yes, it's Scott!
哎呀 我的背哟  - 这又是怎么回事  - 等一下  - 能给我点空间吗  - 行行行    Ooh! My back!  - What is this?  - Hold on.  - Can I get a little space?  - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- 你能把他带回来吗  - 我正在努力    - Can you bring him back?  - I'm working on it!
这是个婴儿    It's a baby.
- 这就是斯科特  - 婴儿版的他！    - It's Scott.  - As a baby!
- 他会长大的  - 把正常版的斯科特带回来    - He'll grow.  - Bring Scott back.
我说关掉电源的时候就立刻关掉    When I say kill the power, kill the power.
关掉！    And... kill it!
我的裤子被尿湿了    Somebody peed my pants.
谢天谢地    Oh, thank God.
但是我不知道是婴儿版的我 还是老年版的我    But, I don't know if it was "baby" me or "old" me.
还是 现在的我自己    Or, just "me" me.
时空穿梭！    Time travel!
干嘛这副表情    What?
我觉得我们还挺成功的啊    I see this as an absolute win.
为啥不高兴    Why the long face?
让我猜猜 他是不是变成一个婴儿了    Let me guess. He turned into a baby.
对 他不只变成婴儿了 你怎么来了    Among other things, yeah. What are you doing here?
这就是爱波罗悖论    That's the EPR paradox.
你们没能让朗穿越时间 而是让时间在朗体内穿梭    Instead of pushing Lang through time, you might've wound up pushing time through Lang.
有点棘手 也很危险 本该有人来警告你们的    It's tricky. Dangerous. Somebody coulda cautioned you against it.
- 你警告过了  - 哦 我警告过吗    - You did.  - Oh, did I?
谢天谢地 我来了 不管怎样 我搞定了    Thank God, I'm here. Regardless, I fixed it.
一个功能齐全的时空穿梭GPS    A fully functioning time- space GPS.
我们还是讲和吧    I just want peace.
事实证明 怨恨太耗人了 我不喜欢这样    Turns out, resentment is corrosive, and I hate it.
我也不喜欢    Me, too.
我们还是有机会拿回原石的    We got a shot at getting these stones, but I
但是我得先说好 什么对我最重要    gotta tell you my priority is to bring back
我希望可以扭转一切    what we lost? I hope, yes.
但前提是保住我现在拥有的一切    Keep what I found? I have to, at all costs.
如果这次行动能保住性命 就更好了    And, maybe not die trying would be nice.
那就说定了    Sounds like a deal.
- 托尼 我不知道自己配不配...  - 怎么了 他专门为你做的    - Tony, I don't know...  - Why? He made it for you.
另外 坦白说 我只是想在摩根把它当滑板之前把它从车库里拿出来    Plus, honestly I have to get it out the garage before Morgan takes it sledding.
谢谢你 托尼    Thank you, Tony.
你能低调点么 我可没有给每个人都带礼物    Will you keep that a little quiet? Didn't bring one for the whole team.
- 所有人都来了吧 是吗  - 我们正在努力    - We are getting, the whole team, yeah?  - We're working on that right now.
- 嘿 人类 绿大个儿在哪儿  - 可能在厨房    - Hey, humie! Where's big green?  - Kitchen. I think.
- 很酷啊  - 罗德 回来的时候小心点    - That's awesome.  - Rhodey, careful on re- entry.
着陆区有个智障    There's an idiot in the landing zone.
我的天    Oh, God!
吓到你了么 正常尺寸的蚁人    What's up, regular- sized man?
以前住金色宫殿 能轮魔法大锤什么的 现在这落差可有点大啊    Kind of a step down from a golden palace with his magic hammers and whatnot.
嘿 有点同情心吧 朋友 首先 他们已经失去了阿斯加德    Hey, have a little compassion, pal. First, they've lost Asgard,
之后又失去了一半人民 他们现在可能有个家都能很开心了    then half the people. They're probably just happy to have a home.
你们不该来的    You shouldn't have come!
女武神    Valkyrie!
见到你很开心 疯姑娘    Great to see you, Angry Girl.
我觉得你随便哪个模样都比现在强    I think I liked you better either of the other ways.
- 这是火箭  - 你好    - This is Rocket.  - How you doin'?
- 他不会见你们的  - 有这么糟吗    - He won't see you.  - That bad, huh?
我们也不过一个月见他一次 当他出来拿...    We only see him once a month, when he comes in for...
补给    ...supplies.
- 那么糟糕啊  - 是的    - It's that bad.  - Yeah.
我去...    What the...
唔 啥玩意儿死在里面了吧    Woo! Something died in here.
有人吗 索尔    Hello? Thor?
你们是来修有线电视的吗    Are you here about the cable?
两周之前电影频道看不了了 体育频道也不清楚    The Cinemax went out two weeks ago, and, sports were all kind of fuzzy...
索尔    Thor?
兄弟们 天啊    Boys! Oh, my God!
我的天 见到你们太好了    My God! It's so good to see you!
过来 你这个小捣蛋鬼    Come here, you little rascal!
不 我挺好的 我挺好的    No, I'm good! I'm good.
没必要这样吧    That's not necessary!
浩克 你认识我的朋友米克和科恩格吧    Hulk, you know my friends, Miek, Korg, right?
- 嘿 兄弟们  - 嘿 伙计们 好久不见    - Hey, boys!  - Hey, guys. Long time no see.
啤酒在桶里 无线网络随便用    Beer's on the bucket. Feel free to log on to the wi- fi.
直接连 没密码    No password, obviously.
索尔 他又来了 电视上那小子刚又骂我蠢货了    Thor, he's back. That kid on the TV just called me a dickhead again.
- 菜鸟至尊  - 是的 菜鸟至尊69    - Noobmaster.  - Yeah, Noobmaster69.
菜鸟至尊 嗨 还是我 雷神索尔    Noobmaster. Hey, it's Thor again. You know, the God of Thunder?
听好了 兄弟 如果你不立刻从游戏里下线    Listen, buddy. If you don't log off this game immediately I'm gonna fly
我就飞到你家去 找到你藏身的地下室    over to your house, come down to that basement you're hiding in,
扯下你胳膊 把它塞进你屁股里去    rip off your arms then shove them up your butt!
没错 找你爸爸哭去吧 你个胆小鬼    Oh, that's right. Yes, go cry to your father, you little weasel!
谢谢你 索尔    Thank you, Thor.
如果他下次再招惹你的话 告诉我    Let me know if he bothers you again, okay?
太谢谢你了 我会的    Thank you very much. I will.
你们想喝一杯吗 想喝点什么    So you guys want a drink? What are you drinking?
我这啤酒 龙舌兰什么的都有    We have beer, tequila, all sorts of things.
哥们儿 你还好吧    Buddy, you all right?
我很好 怎么 我看上去不好吗    Yes, I'm fine! Why, don't I look all right?
你看上去像一堆融化了的冰淇淋    You look like melted ice cream.
所以怎么了 你们来这玩还是有别的什么事    So, what's up? You just here for a hang, or what?
我们需要你的帮助 我们可能有机会补救这一切    We need your help. There might be a chance we could fix everything.
什么 你说的是有线电视吗 那玩意已经让我抓狂好几个星期了    What, like the cable? 'Cause that's been driving me bananas for weeks.
我说的是灭霸    Like Thanos.
不许提那个名字    Don't say that name.
没错 我们这从来不提那个名字    Um, yeah. We don't actually say that name in here.
请松开你的手    Please take your hand off me.
我知道    Now, I know that...
那家伙让你恐惧    guy might scare you.
我为什么要怕 我为什么要怕那个家伙    Why would I be? Why would, why would I be scared of that guy?
是我亲手杀死了那家伙 还记得吗    I'm the one who killed that guy, remember?
这里还有谁杀了他吗    Anyone else here killed that guy?
没有 我认为没有    Nope. Didn't think so.
科恩格 要不你跟大家说说 是谁砍了灭霸的脑袋    Korg, why don't you, tell everybody who chopped Thanos' big head off.
额...是暴风战斧吗    Umm... Stormbreaker?
那么是谁在挥舞暴风战斧    Now, who's swinging Stormbreaker?
我知道 你很痛苦 我曾经也这样    I get it. You're in a rough spot, okay? I've been there myself.
你知道是谁帮我走出来的吗    You wanna know who helped me out of it?
我不知道 是娜塔莎吗    I don't know. Is it... Natasha?
是你    It was you.
是你帮我的    You helped me.
你怎么不去问问那些阿斯加德人    Why don't you ask the, Asgardians down there,
我的帮助有什么价值    how much my help was worth.
那些幸免于灭霸毒手的阿斯加德人    The ones that are left, anyway.
也许我们可以把他们带回来    I think we can bring them back.
住口 住口    Stop. Just, stop...
你们觉得我在这自怨自艾 无法自拔 要谁来拉一把 我都知道    I know you think I'm down here wallowing in my own self- pity, waiting to be rescued and
但我挺好的 我们都挺好的 你们说是不是    and saved. But I'm fine, okay? We're fine, aren't we?
都挺好 老铁    Nah, all good here, mate!
所以随便你们要干吗 都别算上我们    So, whatever it is that you're offering, we're
我们不在乎 一点都不在乎    not into it, don't care, couldn't care less.
请便吧    Goodbye.
我们需要你 兄弟    We need you, pal.
飞船上有啤酒哦    There's beer on the ship.
什么牌子的    What kind?
我要的...    What I want...
你给不了    You can't give me.
你不该来这    You shouldn't be here.
你也一样    Neither should you.
我有工作要做    I've got a job to do.
你管这叫工作    Is that what you're calling this?
杀掉这些人也换不回你的家人    Killing all these people isn't gonna bring your family back.
我们找到办法了    We found something.
也许能成功    A chance, maybe...
别这样    Don't.
别哪样    Don't what?
别给我希望    Don't give me hope.
对不起 没能早点来找你    I'm sorry I couldn't give it to you sooner.
别挡道  让开点 勒保斯基    Drifting left. On the side there, Lebowski.
- 小火贱 怎么样了  - 是火箭    - Ratchet, how's it going?  - It's Rocket.
别拽了 你也就在地球上算天才    Take it easy. You're only a genius on Earth, pal.
没错    Yup.
时空穿梭服 不错呦    Time travel suit? Not bad.
喂 小心点    Hey, hey, hey. Easy, easy!
- 我很小心了  - 才没有 你心大得像浩克    - I'm being very careful.  - No, you're being very Hulky.
- 我真的很小心了  - 这些是皮姆粒子    - I'm being careful.  - These are Pym particles, all right?
自从汉克·皮姆消失以后 就剩这些了    And ever since Hank Pym got snapped out of existence, this is it.
我们只有这些了 又没法凭空变出来    This is what we have. We're not making any more.
- 斯科特 冷静一点  - 抱歉    - Scott, calm down.  - Sorry.
对不起 这些只够我们每个人往返一次    We've got enough for one round trip, each.
就这么多 没法重来 而且还得做两次测试    That's it. No do- overs. Plus, two test runs.
现在只够做一次测试了    One test run.
好吧 我还没准备好    All right. I'm not ready for this.
我准备好了    I'm game.
我来吧    I'll do it.
克林特 时空穿梭可能会让你感觉错乱    Clint, now you're gonna feel a little discombobulated
不用担心    from the chronoshift. Don't worry about it.
等会 我有个问题    Wait a second, let me ask you something.
如果我们可以时空穿梭 为什么不直接去找婴儿灭霸    If we can do this, you know, go back in time, why don't we just
然后    find baby Thanos, you know? And...
- 首先 这太残忍了  - 那可是灭霸    - First of all, that's horrible.  - It's Thanos.
其次 时间不是这样运作的 改变过去并不能改变未来    And secondly, time doesn't work that way. Changing the past doesn't change the future.
我们回到过去 赶在灭霸之前拿到原石    Look, we go back, we get the stones before Thanos gets them...
这样灭霸就拿不到它们 问题解决了    Thanos doesn't have the stones. Problem solved.
- 说得对  - 这样行不通    - Bingo.  - That's not how it works.
- 好吧 我是听人说的  - 什么 听谁说的  谁告诉你的    - Well, that's what I heard.  - What? By who? Who told you that?
《星际迷航》 《终结者》 《时空特警》 《两世奇人》    Star Trek, Terminator, TimeCop, Time After Time,
- 《时间怪客》  - 《时间的褶皱》    - Quantum Leap.  - A Wrinkle in Time,
- 《时间倒流七十年》  - 《热浴盆时光机》    - Somewhere in Time,  - Hot Tub Time Machine.
- 《阿比阿弟大冒险》 基本上所有跟时间旅行有关的电影    Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. Basically, any movie that deals with time travel.
《虎胆龙威》 不 那不是    Die Hard? No, it's not...
大家都知道    This is known.
我不懂为什么每个人都相信这些 但那不是真的    I don't know why everyone believes that, but that isn't true.
想想吧 如果你穿越回过去 那个过去就成了你的未来    Think about it: If you travel to the past, that past becomes your future.
然后你之前的现在变成了过去    And your former present becomes the past.
而这个过去不能被你新的未来所改变    Which can't now be changed by your new future...
没错    Exactly.
所以回到未来就是在胡说八道了    So Back to the Future's a bunch of bullshit?
好了 克林特 我们准备 三 二 一    All right, Clint. We're going in 3.. 2.. 1...
库珀    Cooper?
- 我的耳机呢  - 莱拉    - Where are my headphones?  - Lila?
莱拉 不    Lila! No!
爸爸    Dad?
爸爸    Dad?
嘿 嘿 看着我 你还好吗    Hey, hey. Look at me. You okay?
还好    Yeah.
成功了    It worked.
我们成功了    It worked.
好 现在办法已经有了    Okay, so the "how" works.
我们还需要弄清楚时间和地点    Now we gotta figure out the "when," and the "where."
这房间里几乎每一个人都接触过    Almost everyone in this room has had an encounter
至少一颗无限原石    with at least one of the six Infinity Stones.
与其说是接触    Well, I'd subtitute the word 'encounter' for 'damn
不如说差点被某颗无限原石杀死    near have been killed by one of the six Infinity Stones.'
我没接触过 我甚至都不明白你们在说什么    I haven't. I don't even know what the hell you're all talking about.
不管怎样 我们的皮姆粒子只够每个人往返一次    Regardless, we only have enough Pym Particles for one round trip each,
而且这些原石在历史上的很多地方都出现过    and these stones have been in a lot of different places throughout history.
我们的历史 所以 没有那么多方便的时空节点可供选择    Our history. So, not a lot of convenient spots to just drop in.
- 所以得选好目标  - 没错    - Which means we have to pick our targets.  - Correct.
所以 我们先从以太开始吧    So. Let's start with the Aether.
索尔 你都知道些什么    Thor, what do you know?
他睡着了吗    Is he asleep?
不 不    No, no.
我确定他已经死了    Pretty sure he's dead.
从哪开始呢 呃    Where to start? Umm...
首先 以太 不是石头    The Aether, first, is not a stone.
之前有人说它是石头 呃    Someone's called it a stone before. Ahem...
它更像是一种愤怒的烂泥 类似那种东西 所以    It's more of a... an angry sludge, sort of thing. So...
最好给它改个名 别再叫它石头了    Someone's gonna need to amend that, and stop saying that.
说来话长    Here's an interesting story, though.
很久以前 我祖父把以太藏起来    About the Aether. My grandfather, many years
防止落入黑暗精灵手里    ago, had to hide the stone from the Dark Elves.
黑暗精灵可吓人了  至于简 实际上...    Scary beings. So Jane, actually...
哦 在这儿呢 简 她是我的前女友    Oh, there she is. That's Jane... She's... an old flame of mine.
有次她把手伸到以太里面    She... she stuck her hand inside a rock this one time...
然后以太就钻到她身体里了    and then the Aether stuck itself inside her.
再接着 她变得非常非常虚弱 所以我必须带她    And, she became very, very sick. So I had to take her to
回阿斯加德 就是我老家 这样我们能尽力救她    Asgard, which is where I'm from. And we had to try and fix her.
那时我们如胶似漆 我还带她去见我妈    We were dating at the time, you see. I got to introduce her to my Mother...
我妈已经不在了 再然后    who's dead, and umm....
还有我和简也掰了 所以    Oh, you know. Jane and I aren't even dating anymore, so...
生活就是这样  一切皆有终结时    These things happen though, you know. Nothing lasts forever.
- 唯有...  - 说这么多也累了 来坐坐    - The only thing that...  - Why don't you come sit down.
等下我还没说完 生命中唯有无常方为永恒    I'm not done yet. The only thing that is permanent in life, is impermanence.
你讲的特别好    Awesome.
来点早餐吧 鸡蛋怎么样    Eggs? Breakfast?
不 我要来杯血腥玛丽    No. I'd like a Bloody Mary.
奎尔说他从魔拉格偷走了力量原石    Quill said he stole the Power Stone from Morag.
- 魔拉格是个人吗  - 那是个星球    - Is that a person?  - Morag's a planet.
奎尔才是人    Quill was a person.
星球 像在太空里的那种吗    Like a planet? Like in outer space?
哦 大家看 这只小狗狗真是天真烂漫无忧无虑    Oh, look. It's like a little puppy, all happy and everything.
想太空一日游吗 想吗 小狗狗    Do you wanna go to space? You wanna go to space, puppy?
我可以带你去哦    I'll take you to space.
- 灭霸在沃弥尔找到灵魂原石  - 沃弥尔是什么?    - Thanos found the Soul Stone on Vormir.  - What is Vormir?
宇宙中心的死亡国度    A dominion of death, at the very center of Celestial existence.
灭霸在那里杀了我姐姐    It's where... Thanos murdered my sister.
我可不去    Not it.
- 那个有时间原石的  - 斯特兰奇医生    - That Time Stone guy...  - Doctor Strange.
对 他是什么医生    Yeah, what kind of doctor was he?
- 耳鼻喉科的杂耍医生  - 那个地段好啊    - Ear- nose- throat meets rabbit- from- a- hat.  - Nice place in the village, though.
- 是的 是在苏利文街吗  - 我想想 布里克街    - Yeah. On Sullivan Street?  - Hmm... Bleecker.
等下 他住在纽约吗    Wait, he lived in New York?
- 不不不 他住在多伦多  - 他在布里克街和苏利文街那里    - No, no. He lived in Toronto.  - On Bleecker and Sullivan.
刚走神了吧    Have you been llistening to anything?
伙计们 如果我们选了合适的时间点 纽约会同时出现三块原石    Guys, if you pick the right year, there are three stones in New York.
我去    Shut the front door!
好了 我们有个计划    All right. We have a plan.
六颗原石 三个小队 一次机会    Six stones, three teams, one shot.
五年前 我们所有人    Five years ago, we lost.
输得很彻底    All of us.
我们失去了朋友    We lost friends...
家人    We lost family...
甚至还迷失了自我    We lost a part of ourselves.
今天 我们有机会挽回一切    Today, we have a chance to take it all back.
我们彼此信任 也清楚自己任务    You know your teams, you know your missions.
夺回原石 救回他们    Get the stones, get them back.
每个人只有这一次机会 不能犯错 也没机会重来    One round trip each. No mistakes. No do- overs.
我们即将面对的是熟悉的过去    Most of us are going somewhere we know.
但并不代表情况和记忆里的一模一样    But it doesn't mean we should know what to expect.
万事小心 相互照应    Be careful. Look out for each other.
这是关键一战 而我们终将胜利    This is the fight of our lives. And we're gonna win.
不惜一切代价    Whatever it takes.
祝大家一切顺利    Good luck.
- 他讲的真好  - 那可不    - He's pretty good at that.  - Right?
好了 情况大家都了解了 启动吧 大绿个儿    All right. You heard the man. Stroke those keys, jelly green.
追踪器已启动    Tractors engaged.
你保证会完好无损的带它回来 对吧?    You promise to bring that back in one piece, right?
嗯 嗯 嗯    Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
- 我尽力  - 你这保证有点点敷衍    - I'll do my best.  - As promises go, that was pretty lame.
一分钟后见咯    See you in a minute.
大家分头行动 两颗原石在城郊区 还有一颗在市中心区域    All right, we all have our assignments. Two stones uptown, one stone, down.
保持低调 注意时间限制    Stay low. Keep an eye on the clock.
你一路上也这样到处砸几下吧    Maybe smash a few things along the way.
感觉没什么用 不过试试也无妨    I think it's gratuitous, but whatever.
走那边要小心点哦 我们刚给地板打过蜡    I'd be careful going that way. We just had the floors waxed.
我找斯特兰奇博士    I'm looking for Doctor Strange.
你应该五年后再来    You're about... five years too early.
现在的斯特兰奇博士正在做手术 离这里就二十个街区    Stephen Strange is currently performing surgery about twenty blocks that way.
你想找他干什么    What do you want from him?
为了这个    That, actually.
啊    Ah.
- 恕我无能为力  - 不好意思 我没打算跟你商量    - I'm afraid not.  - Sorry, but I wasn't asking.
- 动手动话 你会后悔的  - 你说的对 我可能会后悔    - You don't wanna do this.  - You're right. I don't.
但我特别需要时间原石 没时间和你商量    But I need that stone, and I don't have time to...
现在我们从头说起 怎么样    Let's start over, shall we?
那就是简    That's Jane.
好的    All right.
胖子 我们这么干    Here's the deal, Tubby:
你去勾引她 我就在后面偷偷给她来一针    You're gonna charm her and I'm gonna poke her with this thing
抽出现实原石 然后我们迅速开溜    and extract the Reality Stone and get gone, lickety- split.
我马上回来 酒窖刚好就在下面    I'll be right back, okay? There's the wine cellar, it's just down here,
我父亲以前在那存了一大桶麦酒    My father used to have this huge barrel of Aconian ale.
- 我去看看能不能带出来几杯 咱俩一起尝尝  - 你还没喝够吗    - I'll see if the cellar has a couple of to- go cups for us...  - Hey! Aren't you drunk enough already?
刚那个风姿绰约的妇人是谁    Who's the fancy broad?
我母亲 今天她会被杀    It's my Mother. She dies today.
刚好今天啊    Oh. That's today?
不行 我做不到    I can't do this. I can't do this.
早知道不选这儿了 我就不该来这里 这个主意一点也不好    I shouldn't be here. I shouldn't have come. This was a bad idea.
- 你过来  - 不 我不行了 我不行了 我感觉    - Come here.  - No, no, no. I'm having...
- 我现在喘不过气来了  - 过来 到我这里来    - I'm having a panic attack.  - Come here. Right here.
你以为只有你一个人失去过亲人吗 你以为我们来这是为了什么    You think you're the only one who lost people? What do you think we're doing here?
我失去了我仅有的家人    I lost the only family I ever had.
奎尔 格鲁特 德拉克斯 还有长触角的小丫头他们都不在了    Quill, Groot, Drax, the chick with the antenna, all gone.
我能理解你想你的妈妈 但是她已经去世了 永远都回不来了    Now, I get you miss your Mom. But she's gone. Really gone.
但有些人是可以被救回来的    And there are plenty of people who are only kinda gone.
而你可以帮助他们    And you can help them.
所以 你把胡子上的面包屑擦掉    So is it too much to ask that you brush the crumbs outta your beard,
跟漂亮小姑娘搭个讪 然后趁她不注意    make sure talk to Pretty Pants, and when she's not looking,
把无限原石吸出来 帮我把我的家人找回来 不难为你吧    suck out the Infinity Stone and help me get my family back?
好吧    Okay.
- 你是在哭吗  - 当然不是    - Are you crying?  - No...
好吧是的 我觉得我有点儿没把握    Yes! I feel like I'm losing it.
那就控制一下 你没问题的    Get it together! You can do this.
你行的    You can do this.
好吗    All right?
- 我能行  - 很好    - Yes, I can.  - Good.
我能行的    I can do this.
我做不到    I can't do this.
行了 万人迷 她就一个人 我们的机会来了    Alright, Heartbreaker. She's alone. This is our shot.
索尔    Thor?
索尔    Thor!
好的 把它放下来    Alright. Bring it down low.
就在那里 放下来    Right on that line. That's it. Down, down.
嘿你 我们能不能快点    Hey, can we hurry it up?
大家动作快点 我们时间有限    Guys, chop- chop. Come on. We're on the clock.
你们还真的是帮忙啊    All that, is really helpful.
- 照顾好自己 好吗  - 当然    - Take care, okay?  - Yeah.
拿到石头就赶紧回来 别搞糟了    Take that stone and come back. No messing around.
- 嘿  - 你可以做到的    - Hey.  - You got this.
- 一切顺利  - 好的    - Let's get it done.  - Yes, sir.
回头见    See you back.
你们互相照应    You guys watch each other's six.
好的    Yeah.
已经输入了沃弥尔的坐标    The coordinates for Vormir are laid in.
他们只要不擅自脱离航线就好    All they have to do is not fall out.
这可比布达佩斯那会儿高大上多了    We're a long way from Budapest.
好吧 所以 额    Okay, so, uhh...
我们就在这等着那个叫奎尔的人出现    We just wait around for this Quill guy to show up and
然后他就会带我们找到力量原石对吗    then he leads us to the Power Stone, is that it?
我们埋伏好    Let's take cover.
在2014年寻找原石的可不止我们    We're not the only ones in 2014 looking for the stones.
等一下 你现在在说什么呢    Wait a minute, what are you talking about right
还有谁在找这些石头    now? Who else is looking for these stones?
我父亲 我姐姐    My father, my sister...
- 还有我  - 还有你    - and me.  - And you?
那你现在在哪里    Where are you right now?
- 不用谢  - 我也没让你帮我    - You're welcome.  - I didn't ask for your help.
但是你没我就是不行    And yet, you always need it.
快起来    Get up.
- 父亲让我们回到船上  - 为什么    - Father wants us back on the ship.  - Why?
他找到了一颗无限原石    He's found an Infinity Stone.
- 在哪里  - 在一个叫魔拉格的星球上    - Where?  - On a planet called Morag.
父亲的计划终于要启动了    Father's plan is finally in motion.
- 这只是六颗中的一颗而已 星云  - 这只是个开始    - One stone isn't six, Nebula.  - It's a start.
如果他能得到所有原石    If he gets all of them...
罗南已经发现了力量原石 我打算派你们去他的飞船上    Ronan's located the Power Stone. I'm dispatching you to his ship.
- 他可不欢迎我们  - 他没得选 不然就是死路一条    - He won't like that.  - His alternative is death, then.
罗南的执念会蒙蔽他的双眼    Ronan's obsession clouds his judgement.
我们不会让你失望的 父亲    We will not fail you, Father.
我相信你们    No, you won't.
我发誓    I swear...
我会让您为我傲的    I will make you proud.
我们就在这儿等着奎尔出现    We just, wait around for this Quill guy to show up,
然后他们会带我们找到力量原石 是吗    and then he leads us to the Power Stone, is that it?
我们先埋伏好    Let's take cover.
2014年寻找原石的可不止我们    We're not the only ones in 2014 looking for the stones.
- 那是谁  - 我也不知道    - Who was that?  - I don't know...
我不知道 我的头快裂了    My head is splitting... I don't know...
她的感官神经元可能在战斗中损坏了    Her synaptic drive was probably damaged in battle.
把她带上船    Bring her to my ship.
快点 队长 他们已经快结束了    Got to hustle, Cap. Things look like they're just about wrapped up here.
收到 我现在就去电梯那儿    Got it. I'm approaching the elevator now.
如果可以的话    If it's all the same to you...
我现在想喝那杯酒    I'll have that drink now.
好吧 让他起来 想摆造型以后有的是时间    All right, get him on his feet.  I'll stand around posing up a storm later.
还有记得帮我收拾一下    By the way, feel free to clean up.
罗杰斯先生 我差点忘了    Ugh, Mr. Rogers. I almost forgot that that suit
- 你那件衣服的提臀效果真的不忍直视  - 没人让你看 托尼    - did nothing for your ass.  - No one asked you to look, Tony.
- 真的一点用都没有  - 我觉得很好 队长    - It's ridiculous.  - I think you look great, Cap.
我觉得这就是美国翘臀    As far as I'm concerned, that's America's ass.
- 魔法棒应该给谁  - 突击队的人来了    - Who gets the... magic wand?  - STRIKE team's coming to secure it.
给我们就行了    We can take that off your hands.
好的    By all means.
- 小心点  - 除非你们想体验一下失忆    - Careful with that thing!  - Unless you want your mind erased.
- 那可不是闹着玩的  - 我们肯定会小心的    - Not in a fun way.  - We promise to be careful.
- 他们是谁  - 他们是神盾局的    - Who are these guys?  - They are SHIELD...
其实是九头蛇 然而当时我们都不知道    Well, actually Hydra. But, we didn't know that yet.
你竟然不知道 他们看着就不像好人啊    Seriously, you didn't? I mean... they look like bad guys.
你人不大 废话倒不少    You're small, but you're talking loud.
搜索救援我来指挥    On my way down to coordinate search and rescue.
搜索救援我来指挥    On my way down to coordinate search and rescue!
拜托 你真觉得你们...    I mean, honestly! How do you think you'll be...
安静点吧你    Shut up.
到你表演了 小朋友 原石在那儿    All right, you're up, little buddy. There's our stone.
没问题 弹我吧    Alright. Flick me.
- 哎哎哎  - 嘿 朋友    - Whoa! Whoa, whoa.  - Hey! Buddy.
你冷静点儿 马上就超重了    What do you think? Maximum occupancy has been reached.
- 走楼梯锻炼去吧  - 就是 别上来了    - Take the stairs!  - Yeah. Stop. Stop!
走楼梯 老子最恨走楼梯    Take the stairs. Take the stairs!
报告队长 权杖在电梯里 刚过第八十层    All right, Cap. I got our scepter in the elevator just passing the 80th floor.
收到    On it.
- 去大厅  - 好嘞 我们大厅见    - Head to the lobby.  - Alright. I'll see you there.
证物安全 马上去找李斯特博士会合    Evidence secure. We're en route to Dr. List.
没有 畅通无阻 秘书长先生    No. No hitches at all, Mr. Secretary.
队长 你不是去指挥搜救了么    Captain. I thought you were coordinating search and rescue?
计划有变    Change of plans.
队长好啊    Hey, Cap.
朗姆洛    Rumlow.
刚才秘书长给我打电话了 现在起我来接手权杖    I just got a call from the Secretary. I'm gonna be running point on the scepter.
长官 这是什么意思    Sir? I don't understand.
有情报说可能会有人来偷权杖    We got word there may be an attempt to steal it.
抱歉 队长    Sorry, Cap.
权杖我不能给你    I can't give you the scepter.
- 我得给局长打个电话  - 没问题的 相信我    - I'm gonna have to call the Director.  - That's okay. Trust me.
九头蛇万岁    Hail Hydra.
怎么这么多台阶啊    So many stairs!
拇指姑娘 听得到吗 我看到目标了    Thumbelina, do you copy? I've got eyes on the prize.
- 该出手了  - 已经出动了    - It is go- time.  - Bombs away.
你用的什么体香喷雾吗    Is, is that Axe body spray?
我抽屉里常备的 能别废话吗    Yeah, I had a can just for emergencies. Relax.
- 专心点 好吗  - 就是现在 我要进去了    - Can we focus, please?  - I'm going inside you. Now.
请问你们要去哪    May I ask you where you're going?
吃午饭啊 然后回阿斯加德 请问您是哪位    To lunch and then Asgard. I'm sorry, you are?
亚历山大·皮尔斯 他就是尼克·弗瑞的上司    Alexander Pierce. He's the man, one of the folks behind Nick Fury.
叫我秘书长先生就行    My friends call me Mr. Secretary.
那名犯人请交给我处理    I'm gonna have to ask you to turn that prisoner over to me.
- 洛基只能由奥丁来裁决  - 不 现在由我们裁决    - Loki will be answering to Odin himself.  - Oh, he's gonna answer to us.
完事儿之后 再给奥丁处理 把箱子交个我    Odin can have what's left. And I'm gonna need that case.
这70年来它一直都属于神盾局    That's been SHIELD property for over 70 years.
给我箱子 史塔克    Hand over the case, Stark.
快点儿动手 鼠小弟 场面马上要失控了    All right, move it, Stuart Little. Things are getting dicey up here. Let's go.
我不想争论现在谁说了算    I'm not gonna argue who's got the higher authority here, all right?
你确定你不会死吗    You promise me you won't die?
只是轻微的心律不齐而已    You're only giving me a mild cardiac dysrythmia.
听着可不像是轻微的病    That doesn't sound mild.
箱子给我    I need the case.
我知道你权力不小 但也不能...    I know you got a lotta pull. I'm just saying...
别说没用的 把箱子给我    Okay. Then give me the case.
就现在 朗    Do it, Lang!
- 松手  - 快没时间了 拔掉插头    - Get your hands off!  - Window's closing. Pull my pin!
要拔了    Here goes!
- 史塔克  - 史塔克    - Stark?  - Stark!
他在抽搐 他需要透气    Look, he's convulsing. Give him air!
- 快叫急救  - 呼叫急救    - Medic!  - Medic!
这里有人需要帮助    These guys, some help!
史塔克 是你胸前机器的毛病吗    Stark, you-  -  - your chest machine?
深呼吸 深呼吸    Breathe! Breathe!
干得好 咱们在小巷会合 我要先吃点东西    Good job. Meet me in the alley. I'm gonna grab a quick slice.
不想再走楼梯    No stairs!
你没事的 史塔克 保持清醒    You'll be fine, Stark. Stay with us!
我要试试 我不确定能不能行    I'll try something, okay? I have no idea if it's gonna work.
行了    Yes!
这还真行 简直太疯狂了    That worked a treat. That was so crazy!
我也没想到能行    I had no idea if that was gonna work.
- 箱子呢  - 箱子    - The case...  - The case. It's, uhh...
箱子呢 洛基去哪儿了    Where's the case? Where's Loki?
洛基    Loki!
- 结果不该是这样的 对吗  - 我们搞砸了    - That wasn't supposed to happen, was it?  - Oh, we blew it.
洛基    Loki!?
托尼 怎么回事儿    Tony, what's going on?
告诉我你们拿到魔方了    Tell me you found that cube.
我了个擦 不是吧    Oh, you gotta be shitting me.
我发现洛基了 在十四楼    I have eyes on Loki. 14th floor.
我不是洛基    I'm not Loki.
我也不想伤你    Now I don't wanna hurt you.
我能跟你打一整天    I can do this all day.
是 是 我知道    Yeah, I know. I know.
你怎么会有这个    Where did you get this?
巴基 还 活着    Bucky... is... alive!
你说什么    What?
还真是美国翘臀    That is America's ass.
- 求你了  - 我帮不了你 布鲁斯    - Please, please!  - I'm sorry. I can't help you, Bruce.
如果我把时间原石给你去拯救你那边的现实 我们这里就会遭到灭顶之灾    If I give up the Time Stone to help your reality, I'm dooming my own.
容我冒昧 科学理论上应该不支持你的说法    With all due respect, I'm not sure the science really supports that.
无限原石缔造了你们感受到的时间流    The Infinity Stones create what you experience as the flow of time.
少了一颗原石就意味着分流    Remove one of the stones, and that flow splits.
这可能会造福你们那边的现实 但我这边的情况就不一定了    Now this may benefit your reality. But my new one, not so much.
在这个新的现实分支里 失去了对抗黑暗力量的主要武器    In this new branched reality, without our chief weapon against the forces of darkness,
我们的世界将会倾覆 生灵涂炭    our world will be overrun. Millions will suffer.
现在请你告诉我 博士 你的理论能阻止这一切吗    So, tell me, doctor, can your science prevent all that?
不能 不过我们可以抹去这一切    No. But we can erase it.
一旦我们用完了这些原石 我们可以在最初的时间点将其物归原主    Because once we're done with the stones, we can return each one into its own timeline
所以从时空的角度来说    at the moment it was taken. So, chronologically...
在原来的现实中 这些原石没离开过    In that reality.... it never left.
没错 但是你遗漏了一个最重要的问题    Yes, but you're leaving out the most important part.
要想归还这些原石 你们必须活下来    In order to return the stones, you have to survive.
我们会的 我会的 我保证    We will. I will. I promise.
我不能因为你一个保证就去冒险    I can't risk this reality on a promise.
至上尊者的职责就是守护时间原石    It's the duty, of the Sorcerer Supreme to protect the Time Stone.
那为什么斯特兰奇把它交出去了    Then why the hell did Strange give it away?
- 你说什么  - 斯特兰奇 他把时间原石交出去了    - What did you say?  - Strange. He gave it away.
他把时间原石交给了灭霸    He gave it to Thanos.
- 自愿的吗  - 是的    - Willingly?  - Yes.
- 为什么  - 我也不知道 也许他错了    - Why?  - I have no idea. Maybe he made a mistake.
或者是我错了    Or I did.
斯特兰奇注定会成为最棒的法师    Strange was meant to be the best of us.
所以他这么做一定是有原因的    So he must've done it for a reason.
恐怕你说的对    I fear you might be right.
谢谢    Thank you.
全靠你了 布鲁斯    I'm counting on you, Bruce.
我们都靠你了    We all are.
执行检查    Run diagnostics.
给我看看她的记忆文件    Show me her memory file.
大人 记忆文件有点混乱    Sire, the file appears entangled.
这段记忆存在 但不是她的    It was a memory, but not hers.
有另一个意识在共享她的神经网络    There's another consciousness sharing her network.
另一个星云    Another Nebula.
不可能    Impossible.
这个复制品的时间戳 来自九年以后的未来    This duplicate carries a time stamp... from nine years in the future.
另一个星云在哪里    Where is this other Nebula?
在我们的星系里 魔拉格那里    In our solar system. On Morag.
- 你能读取她的记忆吗  - 可以 这两个意识是相连的    - Can you access her?  - Yes. The two are linked.
在这个复制品的记忆里搜索无限原石    Search the duplicate's memories, for Infinity Stones.
历史上这些原石散布于许多地方    And these stones have been in a lot of different places throughout history.
在我们的历史中 没那么多地点让我们选择    Our history. So, not a lot of convenient spots to just drop in.
- 所以要选择最佳目标  - 回答正确    - Which means we have to pick our targets.  - Correct.
暂停影像    Freeze image.
地球人    Terrans.
复仇者    Avengers.
一群无名鼠辈 那是什么    Unruly wretches. What's that reflection?
把图像放大 乌木喉    Amplify this, Maw.
我不明白    I don't understand.
- 有两个星云  - 不 她们是同一个星云    - Two Nebulas.  - No. The same Nebula.
来自两个不同的时间    From two different times.
立刻起航去魔拉格 继续扫描复制品的记忆    Set course for Morag. Scan the duplicate's memories.
我要了解一切    I want to see everything.
亲爱的 等会儿见    My ladies, I'll see you after. Go on.
- 你在干什么  - 啊    - What are you doing?  - Ahh!
鬼鬼祟祟的事还是让你弟弟来吧    You're better off leaving the sneaking to your brother.
我没有鬼鬼祟祟 我正要去散步而已    Yeah, I was simply just going for a walk, and uh...
你这是什么打扮    What are you wearing?
我一直是这个打扮啊 这是我最喜欢的一套打扮    I always wear this. This is one of my favorites.
你的眼睛怎么了    What's wrong with your eye?
噢 我的眼睛啊 你还记得哈罗金之战吗    Oh, my eye. That's... you remember the Battle of Haroquin?
当时我被剑砍中脸了    When I got hit in the face with a broadsword?
你不是我认识的索尔 对不对    You're not the Thor I know at all, are you?
我就是啊    Yes, I am.
未来让你受了很多苦吧    The future hasn't been kind to you, has it?
我可没说我来自未来    I didn't say I was from the future.
我是被女巫带大的 孩子    I was raised by witches, boy.
你知道我能看透事物的表面    I see with more than eyes, and you know that.
我确实是未来的索尔    Yeah, I am totally, totally from the future!
是的 亲爱的    Yes, you are.
- 我真的想和你说说话  - 说吧    - I really need to talk to you.  - We can talk.
他的头在这边...    His head was over there...
而他的身体在那边...    His body over there...
但又有什么用呢 一切都太晚了    What was the point. I was too late.
我就站在那里    I was just standing there.
- 像个拿着斧头的傻子  - 你并不傻    - Some idiot with an ax.  - You're no idiot.
你在这里不是吗? 向阿斯加德最睿智的人寻求建议    You're here aren't you? Seeking counsel from the wisest person in Asgard.
- 大概吧  - 你不是傻子    - I guess, yeah.  - Idiot? No.
- 而是个彻底的失败者  - 这词太扎心了    - A failure? Absolutely.  - That's a little bit harsh.
你知道这代表什么 对吧    You do know what that makes you?
这代表你和其他人一样    Just like everyone else.
但我不应该和其他人一样 不是吗?    I'm not supposed to be like everyone else, am I?
每个人在寻找自我的过程中都会经历失败 索尔    Everyone fails at who they are supposed to be, Thor.
衡量一个人 以及一个英雄的标准    The measure of a person, of a hero
是他们能否成功地成就自我    is how well they succeed at being who they are.
我真的很想你 妈妈    I really missed you, Mum.
索尔 我拿到了    Thor! I got it!
抓住那只兔子    Get that rabbit!
- 妈妈 我有事要告诉你  - 不 儿子 不用说    - Ma, I have to tell you something.  - No, son. You don't.
你要改正的是你的未来 不是我的    You're here to repair your future, not mine.
- 但这跟你的未来有关  - 和我没关系    - But this is about your future.  - It's none of my business.
你好    Hi.
你一定就是他母亲    You must be Mom.
我拿到了 我们快走吧    I got the thing. Come on, we got to move.
- 我希望我们有更多的时间  - 这已经足够了    - I wish we had more time.  - This was a gift.
去完成你注定要完成的使命吧    Now you go and be the man you're meant to be.
- 我爱你 妈妈  - 我也爱你    - I love you, Mom.  - I love you.
多吃点沙拉    And eat a salad.
- 我们得走了  - 再见    - Come on. We gotta go.  - Goodbye.
- 三...二...  - 等下    - Three... two...  - No, wait!
你在干啥?    Wh- what am I looking at?
这个有时候要等一会儿    Oh, sometimes it takes a second.
我仍然配得上这个    I'm still worthy.
真是够了    Oh, boy.
再见 妈妈    Goodbye, Mom.
他是个傻子吧    So he's an idiot?
没错    Yeah.
那是什么    What's that?
盗贼的工具    The tool of a thief.
喔哦 等等    Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...
这种地方该有尖刺冒出来 上面挂着骷髅什么的    This is the part where spikes come out, with skeletons on the end and everything...
你在说什么    What are you talking about?
像力量原石神庙这类的地方    When you break into a place called the temple of the Power Stone,
总会有点儿陷阱吧 好吧我们继续    there's gonna be a bunch of booby traps-  -  - Okay. All right. Go ahead.
我以前不是这样的    I wasn't always like this.
我也不是    Me either.
但是我们别无选择 对不对    But we work with what we got, right?
同步开始    Sync up.
三 二 一    Three.. two.. one...
你杀害了无数生命    You murdered trillions!
你们应该为之感恩    You should be grateful.
- 原石在哪里  - 不在了    - Where are the stones?  - Gone.
- 一切归为尘埃  - 你两天前才刚刚用过    - Reduced to atoms.  - You used them two days ago.
我使用原石摧毁了原石 这几乎要了我的命    I used the stones to destroy the stones. It nearly killed me.
但我的使命完成了 注定如此    But the work is done. It always will be.
我就是天命    I am inevitable.
- 你对他们做了什么  - 什么都没做 目前为止    - What did you do to them?  - Nothing. Yet.
他们不是要阻止此时此刻我要做的事情    They're not trying to stop something I'm going to do in our time.
他们是想来到我们现在的时间线 逆转我在他们时间线内做的事    They're trying to undo something I've already done in theirs.
那些原石    The stones...
我收集齐了    I found them all.
我赢了    I won.
宇宙的天平达到了平衡    Tipped the cosmic scales to balance.
这就是您的未来    This is your future.
这就是我的宿命    It's my destiny.
我父亲什么都干得出来 但他从不说谎    My father is many things. A liar is not one of them.
谢谢你 女儿    Thank you, Daughter.
可能我对你太苛刻了    Perhaps I treated you too harshly...
而这 代表我完成了我的宿命    And that, is destiny fulfilled.
大人 您的女儿    Sire, your Daughter...
不 不要    No...
是个叛徒    ...is a traitor.
那不是我 那不可能 我永远不会背叛您    That's not me. It's not. I could never... I would never betray you. Never.
我知道    I know.
现在是证明你自己的时候了    And you'll have the chance to prove it.
不    No...
他发现了    He knows!
巴顿 巴顿 你在吗    Barton? Barton, come in.
罗曼诺夫 快接 我们有麻烦了 快回答啊    Romanoff? Come in, we have a problem. Come on!
快回话 我们有麻烦了    Come in, we have a prob....
灭霸发现了    Thanos knows.
灭霸    Thanos...
队长    Cap...
抱歉 哥们 我们遇到麻烦了    Sorry, buddy. We got a problem.
哈 是 是有点麻烦    Huh. Yeah, we do.
- 好吧 你说我们现在该怎么办  - 先让我缓缓吧 史蒂夫    - Well, what are we gonna do now?  - You know what, give me a break, Steve.
我刚刚被浩克砸了头    I just got hit in the head with a Hulk.
你说过我们只有一次机会 这次 这次就是我们唯一的机会    You said that we had one shot. This, this was our shot.
你浪费了唯一的机会 集不齐原石就全白费 集不齐原石就全白费    We shot it. It's shot. Six stones or nothing. Six stones or nothing.
你在重复你自己 你知道吗 你在重复你自己    You're repeating yourself, you know that? You're repeating yourself.
你才在重复你自己 你才在重复你自己    You're repeating yourself. You're repeating yourself.
- 老兄  - 就不停  - 有完没完了    - Dude  - No!  - Come on.
你之前根本就不想参与时空劫持 后来又决定参与行动了    You never wanted a time heist, you went on board with the time heist...
- 是我搞砸了  - 你毁了这次时空劫持    - I dropped the ball.  - You ruined the time heist.
- 我毁了时空劫持?  - 没错    - Is that what I did?  - Yeah!
还有其他办法能搞到宇宙魔方吗    Are there any other options with the Tesseract?
不 不 不 没有其他的办法了    No, no, no. There's no other options.
没有重来的机会 我们其他哪里都去不了    There's no do- overs. We're not going anywhere else.
我们每人只剩下一管粒子了    We have one particle left. Each.
就这么简单 好吗 要是用了它 再见了 你回不了家了    That's it, alright? We use that... Bye, bye. You're not going home.
可要是我们不尝试一下    Yeah, well if we don't try...
那么其他所有人也都回不了家了    then no one else is going home, either.
我想到了    I got it.
还有另一种办法 既能重得魔方又能补充新的粒子    There's another way. To retake the Tesseract and acquire new particles.
我们在回忆的路上多走几步 军事基地 情归新泽西    We'll stroll down memory lane. Military installation, Garden State.
两样原石都在那的具体时间是    When were they both there?
有段时间是都在的 我隐约记得很清楚    They were there at a...I've a vaguely exact idea.
有多隐约    How vague?
你们在说什么呢 我们要去哪    What are you talking about? Where are we going?
- 我知道它们肯定在那  - 他们是谁?    - I know for a fact they were there...  - Who's they?
- 我们现在要做什么  - 而且我也知道我为什么知道    - What are we doing?  - And I know how I know.
兄弟们 怎么了 你们在说什么    Guys, what's up? What is it?
好吧 看起来我们得即兴发挥了    Well, it looks like we're improvising.
- 好的  - 即兴发挥什么    - Great.  - What are we improvising?
斯科特 把这个带回去    Scott, get this back to the compound.
准备出发    Suit up.
新泽西有什么    What's in New Jersey?
- 零四 零四  - 零七    - 0- 4, 0- 4...  - Uhh, 0- 7.
- 零七  - 抱歉    - 0- 7.  - Excuse me...
一 九 七 零    1- 9- 7- 0.
- 你们确定吗  - 队长 队长 史蒂夫 对不起    - Are you sure?  - Cap. Captain. Steve, sorry.
美国 罗杰斯 如果你们这样做了    America. Rogers. Look, if you do this,
结果失败了 你们就永远回不来了    and this doesn't work, you're not coming back.
谢谢鼓励 小蚂蚁    Thanks for the pep talk, pissant.
你相信我吗    You trust me?
我相信    I do.
听你号令    Your call.
出发    Here we go.
哥们儿    Hey, man!
要爱 不要战争    Make love, not war!
你肯定不是在这儿出生的 对吧    Clearly, you weren't actually born here, right?
创造美国队长的想法是在这里诞生的    The idea of me was.
好吧 假设你是神盾局    Right. Well, imagine you're SHIELD, running a
要搞个和法西斯类似的情报组织    quasi- fascistic intelligence organization.
你会把它藏在哪里    Where do you hide it?
放在明处    In plain sight.
祝你任务顺利 队长    Good luck on your mission, Captain.
祝你项目顺利 博士    Good luck on your project, doctor.
你是新来的吗    You're new here?
不完全是    Not exactly.
找到了    Gotcha.
还有希望    Back in the game.
阿尼母 你在这儿吗    Arnim, you in there?
阿尼姆    Arnim?
嘿    Hey!
门在这边 朋友    The door's this way, pal.
对    Oh, yeah.
我在找索拉博士 你看见他了吗    I'm looking for Dr. Zola. Have you seen him?
索拉博士 没有 我连个人影都没看到    Yeah, no, Dr. Zol... No, I haven't seen a soul.
不好意思    Pardon me.
我认识你吗    Do I know you?
不 先生 我是    No, sir. I'm, a...
我是麻省理工来的访客    visitor from MIT.
麻省理工啊    Huh. MIT.
你叫什么    Got a name?
霍华德    Howard.
这名字挺好记的    Well that'll be easy to remember.
霍华德    Howard...
波兹    ...Potts.
我是霍华德·史塔克    Well, I'm Howard Stark.
你好    Hi.
呃 别扯我的手指    Shit. Now, don't pull it.
好    Yeah...
你看上去脸色不太好啊 波兹    You look a little green around the gills there, Potts.
我没事 就是有点累    I'm fine. Just, long hours.
想出去呼吸一下新鲜空气吗    Wanna get some air?
- 如何 波兹  - 好 再好不过了    - Hello, Potts.  - Yeah. That would be swell.
- 那边走  - 好的    - That way.  - Okay.
别忘了你的箱子    Need your briefcase?
你不是披头族吧 波兹    You're not one of those beatniks, are ya, Potts?
- 喂  - 是皮姆博士吗    - Hello.  - Dr. Pym?
没错 我是皮姆博士    That would be the number that you called. Yes.
我是运输队的史蒂文斯队长    This is Capt. Stevens from shipping.
- 我们收到了你的一个包裹  - 帮我拿上来吧    - We have a package for you.  - Bring it up.
先生 我们没发给你拿上去    Well, that's the thing, sir. We can't.
我很好奇 这难道不是你们的工作吗    I'm confused. I thought that was your job.
只是 博士 这个包裹在发光    Well, it's just... Sir, the box is glowing and,
说实话 我们的快递员觉得这个包裹有问题    to be honest, some of our mail guys aren't feeling that great.
他们打开了吗    They didn't know better, did they?
打开了 你最好亲自下来一趟    Yeah, they did. You better get down here.
不好意思 让一让    Excuse me. Out of the way!
拿着花和泡菜 看来你今晚有个重要的约会    So, flowers and sauerkraut. You got a big date tonight?
我妻子怀孕了    My wife's expecting.
而我最近一直在加班    And, uh... Too much time in the office.
- 恭喜你要当爸爸了  - 谢谢 帮我拿一下 可以吗    - Congratulations.  - Thanks. Hold this, will you?
没问题    Yeah, sure.
- 她怀孕几个月了  - 我不知道具体几个月了    - How far along is she?  - I don't know... uh...
她现在处在"听我吃饭的声音就恶心"的阶段    She's at the point where she can't stand the sound of my chewing.
我觉得我又要在食品存储室里吃晚饭了    I guess I'll be eating dinner in the pantry again.
我有一个女儿    I have a little girl.
女孩好 至少她变成我这样的人的几率会小一些    A girl would be nice. Less of a chance she'd turn out exactly like me.
变成像你这样的人不好吗    What'd be so awful about that?
我这么说吧 我总是把我的个人利益    Let's just say that the greater good has rarely outweighed
放于集体利益之上    my own self- interests.
- 你之前从来没有见过这两个男的吗  - 没有    - And you've never seen these 2 men before?  - No, I've got an eye for this.
- 他们看起来很可疑  - 你能描述一下他俩的面貌吗    - The 2 of them looked fishy.  - Can you describe them?
- 其中一个人留着嬉皮士的胡子  - 嬉皮士 像比吉斯还是蒙哥杰瑞    - Well, one of them had a hippie beard.  - Hippie? Like Bee Gees or Mungo Jerry?
绝对是蒙哥杰瑞    Definitely Mungo Jerry.
我是契斯勒 所有人员到六楼来    Yeah, this is Chesler. I need every available MPs
我们可能遭到入侵了    on sub- level 6. We have a potential breach.
你给孩子起好名字了吗    So, where are you at with names?
如果是个男孩 我妻子想叫他艾蒙佐    Well, if it's a boy, my wife likes Almanzo.
有时间再好好想想孩子的名字吧    Might wanna let that stew while you got time.
我要问你一个问题    Let me ask you a question.
当你孩子出生的时候    When your kid was born...
- 你紧张吗  - 我当时特别紧张    - were you nervous?  - Wildly. Yeah.
你觉得你够格吗    Did you feel qualified?
你有做个好爸爸的经验吗    Like you had any idea how to successfully operate that thing?
我从头到尾好好想了一想    I literally pieced it together as I went along,
想想当时我爸爸是怎样做的    I thought about what my Dad did, and...
我老爸还没有碰到用皮带解决不了的问题    My old man, he never met a problem he couldn't solve with a belt.
我觉得我爸爸对我特别严厉    I thought my Dad was tough on me.
但是当我回想起有关他的点点滴滴时 我只记得好的事情    And now, looking back, I just remember the good stuff, you know.
- 而且他说的话都特别有道理  - 真的吗 比如    - He did drop the odd pearl.  - Yeah? Like what?
寸金难买寸光阴    "No amount of money ever bought a second of time."
你爸爸是个聪明人    Smart guy.
他尽力了    He did his best.
我想说 虽然我的孩子尚未出生    Let me tell you. That kid's not even here yet
但我可以为他做任何事    and, there's nothing I wouldn't do for him.
很高兴见到你 波兹    Good to meet you, Potts.
我也一样 霍华德    Yeah, Howard...
一切都会顺利的    Everything's gonna be all right.
感谢你    Thank you for everything...
为这个国家所做的一切    ...you've done for this country.
贾维斯    Jarvis.
我们之前见过那个人吗    Have we ever met that guy?
先生 您见过太多人了    You meet a lot of people, sir.
他给我的感觉很熟悉    Seems very familiar.
就是胡子怪了点    Weird beard, though.
- 你太弱了  - 我就是你    - You're weak.  - I'm you.
你可以阻止这一切    You can stop this.
你也知道你想阻止他    You know you want to.
你看过未来了吗    Did you see what happens in the future?
灭霸找到了灵魂原石    Thanos finds the Soul Stone.
你想知道他是怎么找到的吗    You wanna know how he does that?
你想知道 他对你做了什么吗    You wanna know, what he does to you?
够了    That's enough.
你让我恶心    You disgust me.
不过 你还是有点用的    But, that doesn't mean you're useless.
我看起来如何    How do I look?
哇哦    Wow...
如果没有任务的压力    Under different circumstances,
这地方看起来还真不错    this would be totally awesome.
我打赌 浣熊那家伙不用爬山    I bet the raccoon didn't have to climb a mountain.
准确讲 他不是浣熊    Technically, he's not a raccoon, you know.
无所谓了 反正他吃垃圾    Whatever. He eats garbage.
欢迎光临    Welcome.
娜塔莎 伊万之女    Natasha, daughter of Ivan.
克林特 艾迪斯之子    Clint, son of Edith.
你是谁    Who are you?
我是向导    Consider me a guide.
指引所有寻找灵魂之石的人    To you, and to all who seek the Soul Stone.
那好 你就告诉我们灵魂之石在哪 然后我们自己去取    Oh, good. You tell us where it is. Then we'll be on our way.
哦 亲爱的    Oh, Liebchen.
要是能这么简单就好了    If only it were that easy.
你们所寻之物 就在前方    What you seek lies in front of you...
你们所恐惧之物 亦在那里    ...as does what you fear.
原石就在这下面    The stone is down there.
你    For one of you.
或他    For the other...
要得到原石 就必须放弃至爱    In order to take the stone, you must lose that which you love.
这一条件亘古不变    An everlasting exchange.
灵魂换原石    A soul, for a soul.
你好吗    How's it going?
天啊    Jesus...
说不定他在骗我们    Maybe he's making this shit up.
不 我觉得不是    No. I don't think so.
就因为他知道你父亲的名字    Why, 'cause he knows your Daddy's name?
我自己也不知道他的名字    I didn't.
灭霸带他女儿来到这里    Thanos left here with the stone
离开的时候却只有他和原石 这可不是个巧合    without his daughter. It's not a coincidence.
对    Yeah.
不惜一切代价    Whatever it takes.
不惜一切代价    Whatever it takes.
如果我们拿不到原石 那几十亿人就都回不来了    If we don't get that stone, billions of people stay dead.
我知道    Yeah
我觉得我们都知道谁该去    Then I guess we both know who it's gotta be.
我想是的    I guess we do.
我想我们的人选可能不太一样 娜塔莎    I'm starting to think, we mean different people here, Natasha.
过去的五年 我的目标只有一个 那就是来到这里    For the last five years I've been trying to do one thing: Get to right here.
把大家都带回来    That's all it's been about. Bringing everybody back.
- 可别在我面前说漂亮话  - 你以为我想这么做    - Oh, don't you get all decent on me now.  - What, you think I wanna do it?
我这是想救你 笨蛋    I'm trying to save your life, you idiot.
我不想让你这样做    Yeah well, I don't want you to, how's that...
娜塔莎 你知道我做过什么    Natasha, you know what I've done.
你也知道我变成了什么样的人    You know what I've become.
我从来不以过错评判他人    I don't judge people on their worst mistakes.
也许你该这样做    Maybe you should.
你不也没这样做    You didn't.
你知道吗 我真的是拿你没办法    You're a pain in my ass, you know that?
好吧    Okay.
你赢了    You win.
告诉我的家人 我爱他们    Tell my family I love them.
你自己去说    You tell them yourself.
你不该下来    Damn you!
坚持住    Wait
放手吧    Let me go.
不行    No.
求你了 别    Please, no.
没事的    It's okay.
不要    Please...
都拿到原石了吗    Did we get them all?
我们居然成功了    You telling me this'll actually work?
克林特 娜塔莎呢    Clint, where's Nat?
她有家人吗    Do we know if she had family?
有 我们就是    Yeah. Us.
什么    What?
你在干什么    What are you doing?
我就问了个问题    I just asked him a question...
但是你这样子 好像她已经死了一样 为什么要这样    Yeah, you're acting like she's dead. Why are we acting like she's dead?
我们有原石 对吧 既然我们有原石    We have the stones, right? As long as we have
队长 我们可以用那些原石把她救回来 对吧    the stones, Cap, we can bring her back, isn't that right?
别废话了 我们可是复仇者 都振作起来    So stop this shit. We're the Avengers, get it together.
她回不来了    We can't get her back.
- 他在说什么  - 无法逆转 不可能的    - Wha- what?  - It can't be undone. It can't.
不好意思 我无意冒犯 但你只是个极其普通的地球人    I'm sorry. No offense, but you're a very earthly being. Okay?
我们说的可是宇宙魔法 说不可能未免太绝对了吧    We're talking about space magic. And "can't" seems very definitive don't you think?
我知道在这件事上我没有发言权    Look, I know that I'm way outside my paygrade here.
但她现在人已经不在了    But she still isn't here, is she?
- 我觉得不是  - 这一切都无法挽回    - No that's my point.  - It can't be undone.
那个红脸飘浮男就是这么告诉我的    Or that's at least what the, red floating guy had to say.
你有本事亲自去找他理论啊    Maybe you wanna go talk to him? Okay?
拿着你的锤子飞过去找他啊    Go grab your hammer, and you go fly and you talk to him.
牺牲的人本该是我    It was supposed to be me.
她为了那块破石头牺牲了自己 这是她用生命换来的    She sacrificed her life for that goddamned stone. She bet her life on it.
她回不来了    She's not coming back.
我们不能辜负这一切 一定不能    We have to make it worth it. We have to.
一定不会    We will.
砰    Boom!
手套准备好了    All right. The glove's ready.
问题是由谁来打响指呢    Question is, who's gonna snap their freaking fingers?
我来吧    I'll do it.
- 你开什么玩笑  - 没事的    - Excuse me?  - It's okay.
- 不不不不 等等  - 嘿 停下    - No, no, no, no. Stop. Stop.  - Hey, hey...
索尔 你别着急    Thor, just wait.
我们还没决定谁来戴手套呢    We haven't decided who's gonna put that on yet.
不好意思 那我们就这么干等吗    I'm sorry. What, were you just sitting around waiting for the right opportunity?
我们至少要商量一下    We should at least discuss it.
坐在这干瞪眼是没法把所有人救回来的    Look, us sitting here staring at that thing is not gonna bring everybody back.
我是最强的复仇者 这是我的责任    I'm the strongest Avenger, okay? So this responsibility falls upon me.
也是我的义务 不是因为...别说废话了 就让我来吧    It's my duty. It's not that... It's... stop it! Just let me.
让我来吧 让我有机会做点正确的事    Just let me do it. Just let me do something good.
- 做点有用的事  - 听好    - Something great.  - Look...
这个手套汇集了    It's not just the fact that that glove is channeling
惊天动地的能量    enough energy to light up a continent, I'm telling you
你现在的身体状态很差    you're in no condition.
你知道我血液里流淌的是什么吗    What do you think is coursing through my veins right now?
奶酪酱    Cheez Whiz?
- 是闪电啊  - 对 是闪电    - Lightning.  - Yeah.
这次闪电也帮不了你兄弟    Lightning won't help you, pal.
还是得我来    It's gotta be me.
你看见灭霸的下场了 他差点没命    You saw what those stones did to Thanos. It almost killed him.
你们都扛不住的    None of you could survive.
你确定你就能扛得住吗    How do we know you will?
我不确定 但原石释放的主要是伽马射线    We don't. But the radiation's mostly gamma.
就像是...    It's like...
我命中注定要做这件事    I was made for this.
准备好了吧    Good to go, yeah?
开始吧    Let's do it.
记住 五年前被灭霸湮灭的人    Okay, remember, everyone Thanos snapped away five
你只需要把他们带到现在 就是今天    years ago, you're just bringing them back to now, today.
不要改变任何五年前的事情    Don't change anything from the last five years.
明白    Got it.
星期五 可以帮我启动防御程序吗    Friday, do me a favor and activate barn door protocol, will you?
好的 老大    Yes, boss.
所有人都回来吧    Everybody comes home.
- 快摘掉 快摘掉  - 不等等 布鲁斯你还好吗    - Take it off. Take it off!  - No, wait. Bruce, are you okay?
班纳 说句话    Talk to me, Banner.
我没事 我没事    I'm okay. I'm okay.
布鲁斯    Bruce!
不要动他    Don't move him.
- 成功了吗  - 哦还不确定 没关系    - Did it work?  - Oh we're not sure. It's okay.
亲爱的    Honey.
亲爱的    Honey.
各位    Guys...
我觉得我们成功了    I think it worked!
我喘不上气了 我喘不上气了    I can't breathe. I can't breathe! I can't breathe.
战甲解除 战甲解除    Canopy. Canopy. Canopy.
罗德 火箭 快出去    Rhodey, Rocket, get outta here!
快点 快点    Hurry up! Hurry up!
加把劲    Come on!
罗德    Rhodey!
呼叫救援 有人听到吗 我们在底层 这里被淹了    Mayday, mayday! Does anybody copy? We're in the lower level, it's flooding!
- 什么  - 我们快被淹死了 有人听到吗 救命    - What?  - We're drowning! Does anybody copy? Mayday!
等等 我在这里 能听到吗    Wait! I'm here! I'm here, can you hear me?
队长    Cap?
女儿    Daughter.
是 父亲    Yes, Father.
所以说这就是未来了 做得好    So, this is the future. Well done.
谢谢父亲 他们什么都没怀疑    Thank you, Father. They suspected nothing.
自以为是的人从来不会怀疑    The arrogant never do.
去吧    Go.
找到原石 把它们带给我    Find the stones. Bring them to me.
您要做什么    What will you do?
等待    Wait.
告诉我    Tell me something.
在未来 我们之间怎么样了    In the future, what happens to you and me?
我试图杀了你    I try to kill you.
好几次    Several times.
但最终我们成为了朋友    But eventually, we become friends.
成为了真正的姐妹    We become sisters.
来吧    Come on.
我们可以阻止他    We can stop him.
兄弟 醒醒    Come on, buddy. Wake up.
很好    That's my man.
你如果再弄丢盾牌的话 这盾就归我了    You lose this again, I'm keeping it.
发生了什么    What happened?
我们钻了时间的空子 现在时间来找回场子了    We messed with time. It tends to mess back.
待会儿就知道了    You'll see.
他在做什么    What's he been doing?
什么都没做    Absolutely nothing.
原石现在在哪儿    Where are the stones?
在下面的某个地方    Lost somewhere under all this.
我只知道他还没有得到他们    All I know is he doesn't have them.
那就让他一直得不到    So we keep it that way.
- 你知道这是个陷阱 对吗  - 知道    - You know it's a trap, right?  - Yeah...
但我无所谓    I don't much care.
很好    Good.
看来我们的想法都一样    Just as long as we're all in agreement.
这一次让我们彻底了结他    Let's kill him properly this time.
你们无法接受失败    You could not live with your own failure.
结果又如何    Where did that bring you?
还是得面对我    Back to me.
我以为消灭一半的生命    I thought by eliminating half of life,
另一半就能蓬勃发展    the other half would thrive.
但你们让我明白这是不可能的    But you've shown me, that's impossible.
只要有人记得过去是什么样的    And as long as there are those that remember what was,
就总会有人无法接受未来    there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be.
那些人会反抗    They will resist.
没错 我们都挺固执的    Yep. We're all kinds of stubborn.
感谢你们    I'm thankful.
因为现在我知道必须要做什么了    Because now, I know what I must do.
我会把整个宇宙化为灰烬    I will shred this universe down to its last atom.
然后    And then...
用你们帮我收集的原石创造一个新的宇宙    With the stones you've collected for me, create a new one.
充斥着各式各样的生命    Teeming with life,
他们不知道这宇宙原来的样子 只会感恩我赐给他们的幸福    that knows not what it has lost but only what it has been given.
一个懂得感恩的宇宙    A grateful universe.
是血债累累的宇宙    Born out of blood.
他们永远不会知道    They'll never know it.
因为你们活不到那个时候了    Because you won't be alive to tell them.
下辈子见 兄弟    See you on the other side, man.
坚持住 我来了    Hang on! I'm coming!
嘿    Oh, hey...
是你    I know you.
父亲 我找到原石了    Father. I have the stones.
什么    What?!
住手    Stop.
你背叛了我们?    You're betraying us?
你没必要这么做    You don't have to do this.
我必须这么做    I am... this.
不 不是的    No, you're not.
你已经看见了我们的未来    You've seen what we become.
星云 听她的    Nebula, listen to her.
你可以改变    You can change.
他不会允许的    He won't let me.
不    No!
好吧 索尔 用雷打我    Okay, Thor. Hit me.
老板 醒醒    Boss, wake up.
我就知道    I knew it!
我这么多年的征战    In all my years of conquest...
暴虐    violence...
杀戮    slaughter...
从来不掺杂个人感情    It was never personal.
但是我现在就要告诉你们    But I'll tell you now...
我要如何摧毁这个    what I'm about to do to your stubborn,
固执的 烦人的 渺小的星球    annoying little planet...
我会好好享受这一切 特别特别地尽兴    I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much.
队长 能听到吗?    Cap, you hear me?
队长 我是山姆 你能听到吗?    Cap, it's Sam. Can you hear me?
注意左边    On your left.
全都到了吗?    Is that everyone?
怎么 你还嫌不够吗?    What, you wanted more?
复仇者    Avengers...
集结    ... assemble.
不不 那个给我    No, no. Give me that.
你用小的    You have the little one.
嘿    Hey!
我的天呐    Holy cow.
你绝对不敢相信发生了什么 你还记得我们在外太空吗?    You will not believe what's been going on. Do you remember when we were in space?
我变成了灰 肯定是晕过去了 等来醒来以后你已经不在了    And I got all dusty? I must've passed out, 'cause I woke up, and you were gone.
但是奇异博士还在那 对吧 他说    But Doctor Strange was there, right? He was like,
"已经五年过去了 走吧 他们需要我们"    "It's been five years. Come on, they need us!"
然后他就耍那个金光闪闪的玩意儿    And then he started doing the yellow sparkly thing that he does all the time...
你干什么?    What are you doing?
这感觉真好    This is nice.
卡魔拉?    Gamora?
我以为我失去你了    I thought I lost you.
不要 碰 我    Don't... touch... me!
第一次你没踢着    You missed the first time...
第二次你可是一石二鸟    then you got them both the second time.
我未来跟他在一起了 逗我呢    This is the one? Seriously?
你能选的除了他 就只剩一棵树了    Your choices were him, or a tree.
队长 我要怎么处理这破东西?    Cap, what do you want me to do with this damn thing?
把原石带的越远越好    Get those stones as far away as possible!
不！    No!
我们得把它们送回去    We need to get them back where they came from.
没法送回去了 灭霸把量子通道毁了    No way to get them back. Thanos destroyed the quantum tunnel.
等等    Hold on!
我们还有别的时间机器    That wasn't our only time machine.
有谁看见一辆又丑又破的棕色面包车了吗    Anyone see an ugly brown van out there?
看到了    Yes!
但是停的地方可不怎么样    But you're not gonna like where it's parked.
斯科特 你启动那玩意儿要多久    Scott, how long you need to get that thing working?
可能十分钟吧    Maybe ten minutes.
启动吧 我们把原石带给你    Get it started. We'll get the stones to you.
好的 队长    We're on it, Cap.
嘿    Hey.
你说过我们有一千四百万分之一的几率会赢 是吗    You said one out of 14 million, we win, yeah?
告诉我 就是这次    Tell me this is it.
我要是说了 就不会发生了    If I tell you what happens, it won't happen.
你最好说的是对的    You better be right.
这太乱了    It's a mess back here.
启动不了    It's... it's dead.
- 什么  - 它失灵了    - What?  - It's dead.
我只能来硬的了    I have to hotwire it.
星云在哪    Where's Nebula?
她没有回应    She's not responding.
大人    Sire!
克林特    Clint!
把它给我    Give it to me.
你夺走了我的一切    You took everything from me.
我根本不知道你是谁    I don't even know who you are.
你会知道的    You will.
交给我吧    I got it!
启动一击必杀模式    Activate Instant Kill!
炮火打击    Rain fire!
但是大人 我们的部队    But Sire, our troops!
按我说的做    Just do it!
有人管管这吗    Is anyone else seeing this?
我搞得定    I got this.
我搞得定    I got this!
好吧 我搞不定    Okay, I don't got this.
- 救命 有人帮帮我吗  - 嘿 皇后区的小子 抬头    - Help! Somebody, help!  - Hey, Queens. Heads up.
抓紧 我抓住你了 孩子    Hang on. I got you, kid.
嘿 初次见面    Hey! Nice to meet-  -  -
喔 天呐    Oh! My God!
什么情况    What the hell is this?
星期五 他们在朝什么开火    Friday, what are they firing at?
有东西进入了大气层    Something just entered the upper atmosphere.
太帅了    Oh, yeah!
丹佛斯 我们这儿需要援助    Danvers, we need an assist here.
嗨 我是彼得·帕克    Hi. I'm Peter Parker.
嗨 彼得·帕克 你有什么要给我吗    Hey, Peter Parker. You got something for me?
我不知道你应付得了吗    I don't know how you're gonna get through all that.
别担心    Don't worry.
她有我们    She's got help.
我 就是天命    I am... inevitable.
我    And I...
就是    am...
钢铁侠    ... Iron Man.
史塔克先生    Mr. Stark?
嘿    Hey...
史塔克先生 你听得见吗    Mr. Stark? Can you hear me?
我是彼得    It's Peter.
我们赢了    We won.
斯塔克先生    Mr. Stark....
我们赢了 史塔克先生    We won, Mr. Stark.
我们赢了 你成功了 你成功了    We won and you did it, sir. You did it.
我很抱歉 托尼    I'm sorry... Tony...
- 嗨  - 嗨 佩珀    - Hey.  - Hey, Pep...
- 星期五  - 生命垂危    - Friday?  - Life functions critical.
托尼    Tony.
看着我    Look at me.
我们会没事的    We're gonna be okay.
你现在可以休息了    You can rest now.
每个人都想要完美结局 不是吗    Everybody wants a happy ending, right?
但事实不总尽如人意    But it doesn't always roll that way.
可能就是这一次    Maybe this time.
我希望当你们重播这段录像的时候    I'm hoping if you play this back,
是在庆祝    it's in celebration.
我希望家人团聚    I hope families are reunited,
一切恢复原样 我希望这个星球    I hope we get it back, and something like a
能恢复正常    normal version of the planet has been restored.
如果能够如此    If there ever was such a thing.
天啊 这个世界多美好啊    God, what a world.
不对 现在得说宇宙了    Universe, now.
如果十年前有人告诉我 我们不是唯一智慧生命    If you told me ten years ago that we weren't alone,
还有后面的这一切    let alone, you know, to this extent,
我就不会那么大惊小怪了 但谁又能知道呢    I mean, I wouldn't have been surprised. But come on, who knew?
邪恶和正义双方的强大力量都已现身    The epic forces of darkness and light that have come into play.
至于结局如何    And, for better or worse,
那就得靠摩根长大后自己去探索了    that's the reality Morgan's gonna have to find a way to grow up in.
所以我觉得我有必要提前录下这一段    So I thought I probably better record a little greeting...
以防我遭遇不测 但对我来说    In the case of an untimely death. On my part.
什么时候死我都不意外    I mean, not that death at any time isn't untimely.
明天我们要尝试的这个时空穿梭    This time travel thing that we're gonna try and pull off tomorrow,
我一直有点担心我能不能活着回来    it's, it's got me scratching my head about the survivability of it,
就这事    that's the thing.
但那也是英雄的职责 死亡也是人生经历的一部分    But again, that's the hero gig. Part of the journey is the end.
我又何必庸人自扰呢    What am I even tripping for?
万物皆有定数    Everything's gonna work out exactly the way it's supposed to.
我爱你三千遍    I love you 3,000.
我真希望有办法    You know, I wish there was a way...
让她知道    that I could let her know.
我们赢了    That we won.
我们做到了    We did it.
她知道的    She knows.
他们两个都知道    They both do.
小可爱 你还好吗    How you doing, Squirt?
- 还好  - 还好    - Good.  - You good?
- 好吧 你饿不饿  - 嗯    - Okay. You hungry?  - Mm- hmm.
- 你要吃什么  - 芝士汉堡    - What do you want?  - Cheeseburgers.
你爸爸也喜欢芝士汉堡    You know your Dad liked cheeseburgers?
我给你拿芝士汉堡去 要多少有多少    I'm gonna get you all the cheeseburgers you want.
好呢    Okay.
所以 我们什么时候能盼到你回来    So, when can we expect you back?
- 这个嘛  - 索尔 你的人民需要一个国王    - About that...  - Thor. Your people need a king.
不 他们已经有一个了    No, they already have one.
别开玩笑了    That's funny.
你是认真的    You're being serious?
是时候找回我自己    It's time for me to be who I am rather than
而不是成为那个我该成为的人    who I'm supposed to be.
而你 你就是一位领袖 那才是真正的你    But you, you're a leader. That's who you are.
我会在这里做一系列改变    You know I'd make a lot of changes around here.
我期待着呢 女王陛下    I'm counting on it. Your Majesty.
你会去做什么    What will you do?
还不确定    I'm not sure.
一千年以来我第一次    For the first time in a thousand years, I...
没有方向 不过 我倒有顺风车    I have no path. I do have a ride, though.
走不走 肥佬    Move it or lose it, hairbag.
好啦 我们走吧    Well, here we are.
小树苗 很高兴见到你    Tree! Good to see you.
终于    Well...
银河阿斯加德护卫队重新集结    The As- Guardians of the Galaxy back together again.
先去哪呢    Where to first?
你要知道 这还是我的飞船 我是老大    Just so you know, this is my ship still. I'm in charge.
我知道 我知道 当然是你啦    I know. I know. Of course, you are.
肯定的    Of course.
看吧 口上说是我 手就在点地图了    See, you say of course, but then you touch the map.
你这分明是打心底不认同我是老大    It makes you think that maybe you didn't realize I was in charge.
龟儿 是你想多了 好吗  - 龟儿    Quail, that's your own insecurities in there. Okay?  - Quail
我只是想为你们效劳 做助手    I'm merely trying to be of service. An assistant.
- 我叫奎尔  - 我就是这么说的    - Quill.  - That's what I said.
你们应该打一架 赢了的说了算    You should fight one another for the honor of leadership.
听起来不错    Sounds fair.
- 没这个必要吧  - 确实没必要    - It's not necessary.  - It's not.
好不好    Okay?
我这里有枪 还是你们想用刀    I got some blasters unless you guys wanna use knives.
太棒了 用刀吧    Oh, yes. Please, use knives.
用刀    Yeah, knives.
我是格鲁特    I am Groot.
真没必要    Not necessary.
谁也不用捅谁    There shall be no knifing one another.
大家心里都清楚谁说了算    Everybody knows who's in charge.
我    Me.
对吧    Right
对 是你 当然是你    Yes, you! Of course!
当然了 当然    Of course. Of course.
记住    Remember...
原石必须送回准确的时刻    You have to return the stones at the exact moment you got them.
否则就会出现一大堆麻烦的多重现实    Or you're gonna open up a bunch of nasty alternative realities.
别担心 布鲁斯 我会搞定的    Don't worry, Bruce. Clip all the branches.
我试过了    You know, I tried.
当我戴上手套用原石的时候 我真的想把她一起带回来    When I had the gauntlet, the stones, I really tried to bring her back.
- 我很想她  - 我也是    - I miss her, man.  - Me, too.
你要是愿意的话 我可以跟你一起去    You know, if you want, I can come with you.
谢谢你 山姆    You're a good man, Sam.
这次还是我来吧    This one's on me, though.
在我回来之前 别做傻事    Don't do anything stupid 'till I get back.
怎么会呢 傻事都让你做光了    How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you.
我会想你的 兄弟    Gonna miss you, Buddy.
我不会有事的 巴基    It's gonna be okay, Buck.
这个需要多久    How long is this gonna take?
对他来说 多久都可以 对我们来说 五秒钟就够了    For him? As long as he needs, For us, five seconds.
准备好了吗 队长    Ready, Cap?
好的 我们在原地等你    Alright. We'll meet you back here, okay?
没问题    You bet.
启动量子领域 三 二 一    Going quantum. Three.. two.. one...
然后准备回来 五 四 三 二 一    And returning in, five, four, three, two, one...
他在哪    Where is he?
我不知道 时间戳已经同步了    I don't know. He blew right by his time stamp. He should be here.
- 把他弄回来啊  - 我正在努力呢    - Well, get him back.  - I'm trying.
- 快把他弄回来  - 我说了我在弄呢    - Get him the hell back.  - I said, I'm trying!
山姆    Sam.
过去吧    Go ahead.
队长    Cap?
嗨 山姆    Hi, Sam.
是出了差错 还是你本意如此    So did something go wrong, or did something go right?
在我把原石放回去之后 我就想    Well, after I put the stones back, I thought...
也许我应该尝试一下托尼    Maybe I'll try some of that life Tony was...
劝我过的那种人生    telling me to get.
然后怎么样    How did that work out for you?
特别美好    It was beautiful.
我真心替你开心    I'm happy for you. Truly.
谢谢    Thank you.
唯一一件让我难受的事情就是    Only thing bumming me out is the fact I have
我要活在一个没有美国队长的世界了    to live in a world without Captain America.
对了    Oh...
你提醒我了    That reminds me...
戴上试试    Try it on.
感觉怎么样    How's it feel?
感觉像是别人的    Like it's someone else's.
不是别人的    It isn't.
谢谢    Thank you.
我会尽全力的    I'll do my best.
所以它是属于你的了    That's why it's yours.
你想跟我聊聊她吗    You wanna tell me about her?
不    No.
不用了    No, I don't think I will.
